Weekly Newsletter 01/29/2025
Subject: 学生在校注意事项 & 高中生暑期规划讲座
          Reminder for Student Behavior on Campus & Seminar: Planning Your Summers in High School
亲爱的中文学校家长们，
根据Amador Valley High School 的反馈，我们提醒您注意以下事项：
1. 请勿用玻璃容器给孩子带食品饮料。玻璃容器易碎，且打碎后可能划伤孩子。
2. 请学生们不要使用或移动Amador 教师办公桌上、柜子里的任何物品。我校长期租用Amador的校舍，一直努力保持教室的清洁有序，减少对Amador老师的打扰。这些工作需要全体学生、家长、CACC老师及工作人员的共同努力。
讲座：高中生暑期规划攻略
1. 时间：2月9日（周日）上午10:00-12:00点
2. 地点：Q205
3. 主讲人： The Learning Lab创始人Jerry Li和Daniel Huang
作为在三谷地区有12年教育经验的资深导师，他们指导的学生成功收获MIT、哥伦比亚大学和顶尖UC分校录取，并在数学和计算机科学竞赛中屡获佳绩。Jerry和Daniel将分享成功学生的暑期规划经验，以及从学生错失的机会中总结的宝贵教训。讲座将涵盖以下内容：
* 制定适合你的暑期规划策略，打造独特亮点
* 深入解析COSMOS、SIP等顶级暑期项目，并推荐各类从课业提升到科研的夏校
* 提前布局竞争性项目申请，提高录取成功率
* 探索崭新兴趣，启动个人项目 - 特别介绍Learning Lab暑期创业营！
详细信息请查看讲座简章: https://tinyurl.com/cacc-summer-ch
免责声明：讲座上提及的内容、信息、服务、材料、产品、观点属于研讨会演讲者。 CACC中文学校对使用演讲者提供的服务或产品可能获得的结果不做任何背书或保证。请自行判断参加讲座并自行承担使用服务或产品的风险。


Based on feedback from Amador Valley High School, we remind all students to pay attention to the following:
1. Do not bring food and drinks in glass containers. Glass containers are fragile and may hurt children if broken.
2. Please do not touch, use, or move any items anywhere in the classroom, including the Amador teacher’s desk and cabinets. Our school has been renting Amador classrooms for a long time and has been working hard to keep the classroom clean and orderly to reduce any disturbances on Amador teachers. These tasks require the joint efforts of all students, parents, CACC teachers and office staff.
Seminar: Planning Your Summers in High School


Jerry Li and Daniel Huang, educators with over 12 years of experience in the Tri-Valley and founders of The Learning Lab, will be holding a seminar on Sunday, February 9th on “Planning Your Summers in High School”. It will be from 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM in Room Q205 at Amador Valley High School.
Through Jerry and Daniel's programs and counseling, their students have gotten into MIT, Columbia, and top UC's as well as excelled in math and computer science competitions. They want to share successful students' summer planning strategies and lessons from student's missed opportunities. In this seminar, they will be covering:
* Discover your good fit summer planning strategy and what you should prioritize to stand out
* Explore top programs for high school students such as COSMOS, SIP, and other recommendations from academic exploration to research
* Get a head start on creating a successful application for selective summer programs
* Unlock new interests and kickstart a unique passion project: introducing The Learning Lab’s Summer Startup Camp!
Click to view the flyer: https://tinyurl.com/cacc-summer-eng
Disclaimer: The content, information, services, materials, features, products, opinions, and statements presented at the seminars belong to the seminar presenters. CACC and CACC Chinese School do not endorse nor make any warranties as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the services or products provided by the presenters. Please attend seminars at your own judgment and use the services or products at your own risk.