Weekly Newsletter 03/27/2025


Subject: 美国高中物理竞赛讲座& 美国数学竞赛讲座/ Seminar: U.S. Physics Olympiad Competition & Math Competitions and Math Class


亲爱的中文学校家长们，


本周末将有两场讲座，欢迎家长们前来参加。


美国高中物理竞赛讲座：
F=MA 是美国高中物理竞赛的名字，该竞赛由美国物理教师协会组织，于每年的二月份举办。竞赛的优胜者将被邀请参加更高级别（USAPhO) 竞赛，并在其中的优胜者中选择队员组成美国带代表队参加国际物理奥林匹克竞赛。
我们邀请Ryan Wang 来为我们讲解这个竞赛的详情，以及如何为竞赛做准备。 Ryan 九年级参加美国高中物理竞赛即获得USPhO Honorable Mention， 同时也是美国高中数学竞赛USAJMO winner。本次讲座将用英文进行。
讲座时间： 11:00 am- 12:00 pm
讲座地点： Q 205 


美国数学竞赛及CACC数学课讲座：
学习数学并参加数学竞赛是一个学而时习之的过程，在这个过程中可以训练逻辑，提高解决问题的技巧，适应压力增强信心，甚至可以助力大学申请。本次讲座我们将向各位家长介绍美国各种数学竞赛的参赛年龄、竞赛方式、竞赛特点等详情，以及CACC 中文学校设立的相应辅导课程。从1年级到10年级阶梯式课程，持续学习逐渐深入，必有所得。本次讲座将用中文进行。
讲座时间：10:00 am- 11:00 am
讲座地点： Q 205


Dear Chinese school parents,


There will be two seminars this weekend. Parents are welcome to attend.
Seminar: American High School Physics Competition:
F=MA is the American High School Physics Competition, organized by the American Association of Physics Teachers and held in February every year. The winners of this competition will be invited to participate in a higher-level (USAPhO) competition, and the winners will select players to form the US team to participate in the International Physics Olympiad.
We invited Ryan Wang to explain the details of this competition and how to prepare for it. Ryan won the USPhO Honorable Mention when he was a 9th grader in 2024, and he is also the winner of USAJMO. This seminar will be conducted in English.
Time: 11:00 am- 12:00 pm
Location: Q 205


Workshop: American Mathematics Competition and CACC Mathematics Class:
Participating in math competitions can be beneficial for students, offering opportunities to enhance problem-solving skills, boost confidence, and potentially improve academic performance and college applications. In this workshop, we will talk about the details of various math competitions in the United States, as well as the corresponding tutoring courses set up by CACC Chinese School. From grades 1 to 10, course content will gradually deepen, allowing continuing students to improve year over year. This workshop will be conducted in Chinese.
Time: 10:00 am- 11:00 am
Location: Q 205


CACC Chinese School