Weekly Newsletter 02/27/2025


Subject: 年度中文学术竞赛& 高中选课提前规划讲座/ Chinese Academic Competition & High School Course Planning Seminar


各位CACC中文学校的家长们，


中文学术竞赛：


 一年一度的中文学术竞赛将在3月30号（周日）中文课上举行，竞赛的方式为演讲（或者朗诵）、写字比赛。您孩子所在班级具体的比赛方式和比赛材料，将由任课老师发邮件给您，并张贴在学校网站课堂主页上。 
竞赛的裁判将由家长志愿者担任，竞赛当天志愿者将到非自己孩子所在的班级里担任演讲或者朗诵比赛的裁判，评判的标准由该班的老师书面通知。对竞赛的获胜者，老师将在本学期最后一次课发放奖品予以鼓励。请您到您孩子所在的中文班老师那里报名担任家长裁判志愿者，感谢您的协助！


高中选课提前规划讲座：


内容： 初中6年级开始规划高中课程
        提前规划高中课程的注意事项
        高中课程跟大学专业相辅相成
        如何算包括AP、Honors 课程的GPA
        制定高中9-12年级的计划目标
时间：        3月2日 10:00-12:00
地点：        Q-205 教室
主讲人：Maggie Huang  Summit Tutoring Center


免责声明：讲座上提及的内容、信息、服务、材料、产品、观点属于研讨会演讲者。 CACC中文学校对使用演讲者提供的服务或产品可能获得的结果不做任何背书或保证。请自行判断参加讲座并自行承担使用服务或产品的风险。


Chinese Academic Competition:


The annual Chinese Academic Competition will be held during Chinese classes on March 30 (Sunday). The competition will be in the form of speech/recitation and a writing competition. Your teacher will email you specific information and competition materials. They will also post them on the Class Page.
The competition will be judged by parent volunteers. On the day of the competition, the volunteers will serve as judges for the oral competition in a class other than their children's. Teachers will inform parents of judging criteria beforehand. Awards will be given to the top students during the last class of the year. Please go to your child's Chinese teacher to sign up as a parent judge volunteer. Thank you for your help!


Summit Tutoring Center Seminar: Planning for High School Course Selection 


Content:         Planning for high school courses starting in 6th grade
Precautions for planning high school courses in advance
High school courses and university majors complement each other
How to calculate GPA including AP and Honors courses
Setting goals for high school grades 9-12
Date & Time: March 2, 10:00 am-12:00 pm
Location: Classroom Q-205
Speaker: Maggie Huang Summit Tutoring Center


Disclaimer: The content, information, services, materials, features, products, opinions, and statements presented at the seminars belong to the seminar presenters. CACC and CACC Chinese School do not endorse nor make any warranties as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the services or products provided by the presenters. Please attend seminars at your own judgment and use the services or products at your own risk.




CACC Chinese School