Who organizes and runs the school? The Chinese American Cooperation Council (CACC), a non-profit organization headquartered in Pleasanton, California, has sponsored and organized CACC Chinese School since 2003. As the governing body of CACC and its affairs, the Board of Directors oversees the management of CACC Chinese School. The school principal, along with his/her staff and volunteers, runs the daily operations of the school and is responsible for the success of all activities.
Where is the school located? The CACC Chinese School currently rents facility space at Amador Valley High School, located at 1155 Santa Rita Road, Pleasanton, CA 94566. Office service hour is every Sunday when school is in session, 9:30am - 12:30pm
What programs do we offer? The Chinese American Cooperation Council (CACC) Chinese School was established to build better communities and develop future leaders who appreciate diversity, understand global challenges, are confident and inspiring, and are eager to serve local communities and the world. It has six programs and many student leadership opportunities, more than 1,900 registrations and 1,300 students, and offers almost 100 classes taught by some of the best instructors from China and America. Non-Chinese speakers are welcome and many are very successful at the school. Chinese as a Second Language for Non-Chinese Speakers Chinese for Elementary and Middle School Students (Pre-Kindergarten, Kindergarten, First Grade to Eighth Grade) High School Chinese Credit Classes, AP Chinese Class, and AP Chinese Prep Class (for AP test preparation) High School Chinese Program (Levels I, II, III, IV and AP Chinese) - meet UC/CSU 'e'(world language) requirement Competitive Math Math Olympiad Competitive Math AMC 10 and Pre-AIME Math Competitions (Math Olympiad, Mathleague, AMC8/AMC10, Math Kangaroo, etc.) Children Enrichment Program Badminton and Tennis Arts and Drawing Adult and Senior Enrichment Program Zumba, Chinese Dance, Aerobic Dance, U-Jam, Singing Arts, and Choir Badminton, Tennis, Photography, Drawing Activities for Leadership Development and Mentoring Seminars for Extracurricular, College Planning, Real Estate and more Extracurricular, Volunteer, and Leadership Opportunities
When are classes in session? The school is open on Sundays from 9:00am to 1:00pm from late August to late May at Amador Valley High School in Pleasanton. The school is closed in summer. Please see school calendar
Would CACC Chinese School terminate a student's enrollment during the school year? All the students at CACC Chinese School are required to follow the student guidelines. The school will work hard with students, parents, teachers, and staff to resolve students' problems. However, CACC Chinese School reserves the right to terminate a student's enrollment from the school at any time to maintain the safety and/or the quality of teaching and learning at the school.
谁组织和管理这所学校？ 中美合作协会 (CACC) 是一家非营利组织，总部位于加利福尼亚州普莱森顿，自 2003 年以来一直赞助和组织 CACC 中文学校。作为 CACC 及其事务的管理机构，董事会负责监督 CACC 中文学校 的管理。学校校长及其教职员工和志愿者负责学校的日常运营，并确保所有活动的成功举办。
学校位于哪里？ CACC 中文学校 目前在 Amador Valley 高中租用场地，地址为 1155 Santa Rita Road, Pleasanton, CA 94566 办公室服务时间为每周日（学校上课期间）上午 9:30 至下午 12:30
我们开展哪些项目？提供什么？ 中美合作委员会 (CACC) 中文学校的成立旨在建设更美好的社区，培养尊重多元化、理解全球挑战、充满自信、鼓舞人心、渴望服务当地社区和世界的未来领导者。学校设有六个项目，提供众多学生领导力发展机会，注册学生超过 1,900 名，学生人数超过 1,300 名，并提供近 100 门课程，由来自中美两国的顶尖教师授课。学校欢迎非中文人士，许多学生在学校取得了巨大的成功。 面向非华裔学生的汉语作为第二语言课程 面向中小学生的汉语课程 （学前班、幼儿园、一年级至八年级） 高中汉语学分班、AP汉语班和AP汉语预备班（用于AP考试准备） 高中汉语课程（一级、二级、三级、四级和AP汉语）- 满足UC/CSU“e”（世界语言）要求 竞赛数学 数学奥林匹克 竞赛数学 AMC 10和Pre-AIME 新加坡数学 数学竞赛（数学奥林匹克、Mathleague、AMC8/AMC10、Math Kangaroo、等） 儿童丰富计划 羽毛球和网球 艺术与绘画 成人和老年人强化计划 尊巴舞、中国舞、健美操、U-Jam、歌唱艺术和合唱团 羽毛球、网球、摄影、绘画 领导力发展和辅导活动 课外活动、大学规划、房地产等研讨会 课外活动、志愿者和领导机会
课程什么时候上课？ 位于普莱森顿的 Amador Valley 高中从八月下旬到五月下旬，每周日上午 9:00 至下午 1:00 开放。学校夏季关闭。 请查看学校日历
CACC 中文学校 会在学年期间终止学生的入学资格吗？ CACC 中文学校 的所有学生都必须遵守学生准则。学校将与学生、家长、老师和教职员工共同努力，解决学生遇到的问题。但是，CACC 中文学校 保留随时终止学生入学资格的权利，以维护学校的安全和/或教学质量。
How do I open an account with CACC? Go to the CACC home page: www.caccusa.org. Click Login tab. Click Create New Account.
What if I forget my password? After clicking on the Login tab, click on Recover my password, then enter your username and email address. Your password will be emailed to you. If you have trouble in getting your password this way, please email to cs@caccusa.org .
What if I forget my username? After clicking on the Login tab, click on Retrieve my username, then enter your email address, phone number and your full name. Your username will be emailed to you. If you have trouble in getting your username this way, please send an email to cs@caccusa.org with your email and phone number to request your username. Your username will be sent to you within 24hrs. *** Please DO NOT open a new account to avoid confusion and trouble down the line.
How do I change my password? Click on My Profile then Account, fill in the current password, new password, confirm password and click on Save at the bottom.
How do I change my profile? Your profile information are stored in CACC's database after you have registered. You can change all of them except your username and email address. Please click on My Profile and Account, Guardian, Emergency Contact or Student tab to make changes, then click Save at the bottom to save your changes.
如何在 CACC 开设账户？ 前往 CACC 主页：www.caccusa.org。 点击 Login 菜单选项。 点击 Create New Account。
如果我忘记了密码怎么办？ 点击 Login 菜单选项后，点击 Recover my password，然后输入您的用户名和电子邮件地址。您的密码将通过电子邮件发送给您。如果您通过这种方式获取密码时遇到问题，请发送电子邮件至 cs@caccusa.org 。
如果我忘记了用户名怎么办？ 点击 Login 菜单选项后，点击 Retrieve my username，然后输入您的邮件地址、电话号码和全名。您的用户名将通过电子邮件发送给您。如果您通过这种方式获取用户名时遇到问题，请发送电子邮件至 cs@caccusa.org ，并提供您的电子邮件地址和电话号码，以申请您的用户名。您的用户名将在 24 小时内发送给您。 *** 请勿开设新账户，以免造成混淆和麻烦。
如何更改密码？ 点击 My Profile，填写当前密码、新密码和确认密码，然后点击底部的 Save。
如何更改我的个人资料？ 注册后，您的个人资料信息将存储在 CACC 的数据库中。除用户名和邮件地址外，您可以更改所有信息。请点击 My Profile 下的 Account、Guardian、Emergency Contact 或 Student 选项卡进行更改，然后点击底部的 Save 以保存更改。
What is CACC Chinese School's registration policy for the 2025 - 2026 school year? School registration policy is set as a guideline for registration. It includes the registration date, deadlines and refund policy. Please go to General Information for details.
How do I register online for classes? You must have an account with CACC Create CACC account on CACC website Log in to your account Follow the instruction on the screen
Why can't I register? Registration begins on 5/3/2025. You will see all class information, but will only be able to register during its designated registration period. From 5/3/2025 to before 5/9/2025: Reserved for current year teachers, room parents, BOD, and retired BOD From 5/9/2025 to before 5/16/2025: Reserved for all current year students From 5/16/2025: Open to public Contact us for any registration difficulties.
What is the minimum age requirement? Please go to General Information and scroll to Minimum Age, Class Size, and Cancellation for details.
What are the age ranges for beginner and intermediate enrichment classes? Please refer to the class description for age requirement on each specific class. Please keep in mind that each child is a unique individual. We strongly recommend parents choose classes according to a child's ability and maturity, in addition to the child's age.
How do I determine my child's Chinese level? For current students, we suggest that you talk to your child's teacher to find out the appropriate level for your student. We have placement tests for High School Chinese II, III, IV, and AP (not AP Prep) for next school year. On the first day of school, most Chinese classes will conduct a skill level assessment in class. Adjustments can then be made according to the assessment results.
How do I register for a Permission Required class? In order to register a Permission Required class, you will normally need to get a permission first by taking a placement test and reach a desired score before the new school year begins, or obtain permission directly from the class teacher In any other situation, please send an email to cs@caccusa.org .
What if the class I want to register for is full? There is no waiting list for a class already full. Please check the class status online frequently to see if space becomes available when someone drops. Usually, in the first two weeks of school, there are a lot of class change activities. If you need further assistance, please email to cs-registration@caccusa.org .
How do I add a new student to my account? Log in to your account Click My Profile menu Click Student sub menu Click 添加学生 button Enter new student info and click Save
How do I pay for my classes? Log in to your account If you don't have any required action to take, you will be directly taken to My Registration / Registration page If you have balance due, the box will show the amount Click Next button. Our system will eventually take you to the checkout page Select a payment method to complete your payment by following the instructions Please go to General Information and scroll to Payment Method for details.
How do I view my payments? Log in to your account If you don't have any required action to take, you will be directly taken to My Registration / Registration page Click the box Click Payment Details link
How do I withdraw or transfer a class? On or before 9/4/2025, Log in to your account If you don't have any required action to take, you will be directly taken to My Registration / Registration page Click a student to show registered classes Uncheck the class you want to widthdraw If you check another class with the same period of the withdrawn one, you are actually doing a class transfer Click Save After 9/4/2025, you must come to office or contact us for class withdrawal.
Will I get a refund if I withdraw a class? Please go to General Information and scroll to Refund Policy for details.
How do I find my class information? Log in to your account Click My Classes menu This will bring you to a page that shows all classes your family has registered
May I observe a class? Please go to General Information and scroll to Class Observation for details.
What is a waiver and when do I need it? A waiver contains conditions that you are required to accept before being enrolled in the Chinese School. You must acknowledge you have read and agreed with these conditions before your registration can be completed. An additional waiver is required for certain enrichment classes. Teachers may hand out the additional waiver forms in the class.
What if I am too late for the online registration? If the online registration deadlines have passed, you may still register for some of the classes. Please take the following steps: Send an email to cs@caccusa.org or check with school office to see if space is still available It is highly recommended to observe the class (must obtain a permission slip from the school office before going into the class) Discuss with the teacher and the program director to determine if the class is appropriate to your student Register the class per office staff instructions Complete tuition payment within 7 days from the date of the registration Please go to General Information and scroll to Tuition and Fees for details.
Are payments for the CACC Chinese School classes eligible for tax deduction? CACC is not operating as a childcare service. Payments for the classes provided by CACC are generally not eligible for any tax benefits related to dependent care. Please refer to IRS Publication 503 for guidelines.
Who should I contact if I have any other questions? General Information page and this FAQ should answer 95% of your questions Visit Q215 on regular school days (view Calendar ) Email to cs-registration@caccusa.org for registration related questions, such as login issue, payment status, etc. Email to cs@caccusa.org for all other or class-specific questions, such as Chinese classes, level to choose, placement test, etc.
CACC 中文学校 在 2025 - 2026 学年的注册政策是什么？ 学校注册政策为您提供了注册指南。它包括注册日期、截止日期和退款政策。详情请访问 常规信息 。
如何在线注册课程？ 您必须拥有 CACC 帐户 在 CACC 网站上创建 CACC 帐户 登录您的帐户 按照屏幕上的说明操作
为什么我无法注册？ 注册将于 5/3/2025 开始。您将看到所有课程信息，但只能在指定的注册时间内注册。 从 5/3/2025 到 5/9/2025 之前：仅限本年级教师、家长、董事会成员和退休董事会成员 从 5/9/2025 到 5/16/2025 之前：仅限所有本年级学生 从 5/16/2025 开始：向公众开放 如有任何注册问题，请联系我们。
最低年龄要求是多少？ 请前往 基本信息 ，并滚动至 最低年龄、班级人数、和课程取消 了解详情。
初级和中级强化班的年龄范围是多少？ 请参阅课程描述，了解每个课程的年龄要求。 请记住，每个孩子都是独一无二的个体。我们强烈建议家长除了考虑孩子的年龄外，还要根据孩子的能力和成熟度来选择课程。
如何确定我孩子的中文水平？ 对于在校学生，我们建议您与孩子的老师沟通，了解适合孩子的水平。 我们为下一学年安排了高中中文 II、III、IV 和 AP（非 AP 预备课程）的分级考试。 开学第一天，大多数中文课程都会在课堂上进行技能水平评估。然后，可以根据评估结果进行调整。
如何注册需要许可的课程？ 要注册需要许可的课程，通常需要先通过以下方式获得许可： 在新学年开始前参加分班考试并达到期望分数，或者 直接从班主任处获得许可 其他情况下，请发送电子邮件至 cs@caccusa.org 。
如果我想注册的课程已满怎么办？ 已满的课程没有候补名单。请经常在线查看课程状态，看看是否有空位。通常，在开学前两周，会有很多换班活动。如果您需要进一步的帮助，请发送电子邮件至 cs-registration@caccusa.org 。
如何向我的帐户添加新学生？ 登录您的帐户 点击 My Profile 菜单 点击 Student 子菜单 点击“添加学生” 按钮 输入新学生信息并点击 Save
如何支付课程费用？ 登录您的帐户 如果您无需执行任何必要操作，您将直接进入 Registration / Registration 页面 如果您有未结余额， 框将显示金额。 点击 Next 按钮。我们的系统最终会将您带到结帐页面。 按照说明选择付款方式完成付款。 请前往 常规信息 ，并滚动至 付款方式 查看详情。
如何查看我的付款？ 登录您的账户 如果您无需执行任何操作，您将直接进入 Registration / Registration 页面。 点击 框 点击 Payment Details 链接
如何退课或转课？ 在 9/4/2025 或之前， 登录您的帐户 如果您无需执行任何操作，您将直接进入 Registration / Registration 页面 点击一名学生显示已注册的课程 取消勾选您要退课的课程 如果您勾选了与退课课程相同时间段的其他课程，则实际上是在进行转课 点击 Save 9/4/2025 之后，您必须前往办公室或联系我们进行退课。
如果我退课，可以获得退款吗？ 请前往 常规信息 ，然后滚动到详情请参阅 退款政策 。
如何查找我的课程信息？ 登录您的帐户 点击 My Classes 菜单 这将带您进入一个页面，其中显示您家人已注册的所有课程。
我可以旁听课程吗？ 请前往 基本信息 ，然后滚动到 旁听课程 了解详情。
什么是权益放弃？我什么时候需要权益放弃？ 权益放弃包含您在入读中文学校之前必须接受的条件。您必须确认已阅读并同意这些条款，才能完成注册。某些补习课程需要额外的权益放弃。教师可能会在课堂上发放额外的权益放弃表格。
如果我错过了在线注册怎么办？ 如果在线注册截止日期已过，您仍然可以注册部分课程。请按照以下步骤操作： 发送电子邮件至 cs@caccusa.org 或联系学校办公室，了解是否还有空位 强烈建议您先观课（进入课堂前必须获得学校办公室的许可） 与老师和课程主任讨论，确定该课程是否适合您的学生 按照办公室工作人员的指示注册课程 在注册之日起 7 天内完成学费支付 请访问 基本信息 ，并滚动至 学费和费用 了解详情。
CACC 中文学校 课程的费用是否有资格获得税收减免？ CACC 并非儿童保育服务机构。CACC 提供的课程费用通常不符合任何与受抚养人护理相关的税收优惠资格。请参阅 美国国税局出版物 503 获取指南。
如果我还有其他问题，应该联系谁？ 常规信息 页面和此常见问题解答应该可以解答您 95% 的问题。 请在正常上课日访问 Q215（查看 日历 ） 如有任何注册相关问题，例如登录、付款等，请发送电子邮件至 cs-registration@caccusa.org 。 如有任何与课程有关的问题，例如中文课程、选择年级、分级考试等，请发送电子邮件至 cs@caccusa.org 。
My child previously attended another Chinese school and just finished second grade. How should I choose Chinese classes at CACC? Every student's Chinese proficiency varies, and the pace and textbooks at different Chinese schools may not be the same. However, if your progress is similar to CACC's, you can consider Jinan Chinese or Ma Liping Chinese for third grade. Generally speaking, if you have a Chinese language environment at home, the grade level of the Chinese textbooks should roughly correspond to the student's regular school. If you're unsure whether you can keep up, you can try out the corresponding classroom two weeks before school starts. If you have any specific questions, you can contact the school directly.
For heritage language Chinese classes in elementary and middle school, CACC has two teaching streams, using the Jinan and Ma Liping textbooks, respectively. What are the differences? Each Chinese program has its own unique teaching methods and content. Parents can decide which stream to choose. Both streams offer good results if you study diligently. The Ma Liping textbook doesn't teach pinyin in first and second grades, prioritizing character recognition and reading (encouraging more recognition and less writing), and covers a relatively larger vocabulary. The Jinan textbook teaches pinyin starting in first grade, placing more emphasis on writing and less on reading and vocabulary. Jinan's textbook is included in tuition, while Ma Liping's textbook requires separate purchase. Both textbooks can be found at the following link: https://www.caccusa.org/info.php?p=2
Do I need a placement test to take the CACC high school Chinese course? High school Chinese courses are divided into credit and non-credit classes. Enrolling in high school credit classes (including Credit III, Credit IV, and AP credit) requires taking the placement test at the end of March each year. AP exam preparation classes and high school credit preparatory classes do not require a placement test. Both the AP Exam Prep and AP Credit classes are designed to help high school students prepare for the AP Chinese exam, held annually in May. However, the AP Prep class does not award academic credit and consists of two hours of class time per week. The AP Credit class, recognized by the Pleasanton School District, offers four hours of class time per week. For details, please see the link: https://www.caccusa.org/program.php?p=10
Can the high school Chinese placement exam be made public? The purpose of the placement exam is to assess students' current level of Chinese proficiency so they can be placed in a class appropriate for their level, receive appropriate instruction to rapidly improve, and, when appropriate, enter an AP class to achieve their desired score. Therefore, our placement exam papers are only intended for assessing students' proficiency and are not intended for student learning. Therefore, the placement exam papers will not be made public as study material.
My child has completed eighth grade Chinese and is doing very well. Can he or she enroll in an AP class? Every student's Chinese proficiency varies. Some children reach the academic and psychological maturity level for AP classes, while others do not. The best approach is to use placement exams to comprehensively and objectively assess students' academic and psychological qualities, and then determine placement based on this analysis. A few children can directly enroll in AP classes, but for a significant number, it's more appropriate to first attend Placement III or IV and then take an AP class, which will help them improve their Chinese and achieve their desired AP scores.
What's the difference between AP Prep and High School Chinese IV? Chinese 3, Chinese 4, and AP Chinese in the high school Chinese curriculum are all high school foreign language courses. Students can transfer credits to their current high school to count towards three, four, or five years of foreign language study, thus fulfilling the high school foreign language credit requirement and gaining recognition from UC and CSU. However, for students who only want to prepare for the AP Chinese exam but don't need high school foreign language credit, we offer this non-credit AP Prep course, which only meets two hours per week. As for the content, Chinese 4 and AP Prep have different objectives, use different textbooks, and have different class lengths. There are no prerequisites for admission to the AP Prep class, and no placement exam is required, as AP Prep does not earn credit. Students who have taken Chinese 4 will automatically be placed in the credit-bearing AP Chinese class the following year. At this level, UC/CSU recognizes students with five years of high school foreign language proficiency.
Should I take AP Prep and then take the AP Chinese exam, or take Chinese III, Chinese IV, Chinese AP, and then take the AP Chinese exam? There are two groups here, each taking their own path: One group takes AP Prep directly and then takes the AP exam. This group is those who want to take AP Prep directly without taking credit. The other group takes a step-by-step approach, taking Chinese III, Chinese IV, Chinese AP, and then taking the AP exam. Because this step-by-step approach builds a solid foundation, as long as you follow the teacher's instructions, you can generally achieve a satisfactory score on the exam. Therefore, after completing AP Prep, there's no need to repeat AP Chinese; you should take the exam directly, as AP Prep is designed for students who don't need foreign language credit or Chinese language credit. However, if you're unsure, you should take Chinese III, Chinese IV, and then AP Chinese. This path aligns with the course's progression and allows you to easily take and score high on the AP exam.
孩子之前在其他中文学校，刚读完中文二年级。到CACC如何选中文课？ 每个学生的中文水平因人而异，不同的中文学校的进度和教材也不一定相同，但如果和CACC进度类似，可以考虑上暨南中文或者马立平中文三年级。一般情况下，如果家里有中文环境，中文教材的年级应该和学生的常规学校的年级基本对应。如果不确定是否跟得上的话，开学前两周可以先到对应教室试听一下，如有个别问题可以直接和学校联系。
小学和初中的传承语中文课，CACC有两个教学分支，分别使用暨南教材和马立平教材。它们有什么区别？ 两种中文课的教法和内容编排各有特点，家长可以自行决定走那个分支，如果学的扎实效果都会不错。马立平教材一二年级不教拼音，以认字和阅读为优先（提倡多认少写），生词量相对多一些。暨南教材一年级开始就教拼音，更强调写，阅读和生词量少一些。暨南的教材是包含在学费里的，马立平的教材需要自己买。两种教材可以参见链接： https://www.caccusa.org/info.php?p=2
上CACC高中中文课需要分班考试吗？ 高中中文课有学分班和非学分班之分。若要注册高中学分班（包括学分班III, 学分班IV, AP学分班）需参加每年三月底举办的分班考试。AP 备考班和高中学分预备班不用参加分班考试。AP备考班和AP学分班都是为帮助高中生参加每年５月份的中文AP考试而设计的，但是前者不授予学分，每周上课是２小时，后者是Pleasanton学区承认的高中学分班，每周上课４小时。具体参见链接： https://www.caccusa.org/program.php?p=10
高中中文课分班考试的试卷可否公开？ 分班考试的目的是为了了解学生目前的中文运用水平，以便让学生进入适合自己正真水平的班级，接受相应的指导快速进步并在合适的时候进入AP班学习，争取考到理想的分数。所以，我们分班考试的考卷只适合了解学生的水平之用，不适合学生学习使用，因此，分班考试试卷是不会作为学习资料公开的。
孩子上完了八年级中文课，成绩很好，可以上AP班吗？ 每个学生的中文水平因人而异。有些孩子达到了AP班的学习和心理成熟水平，而有些孩子还没有达到。最好的办法是通过分班考试的方式，全面客观的考察学生的学习水平和心理素质，并根据此分析得出分班依据。少数孩子可以直接上AP班，但对于相当一部分的学生，先上学分班III或者IV,然后再上AP班，对他们的中文学习的提高和考到理想的AP分数更合适。
AP Prep 和中文四（High School Chinese IV) 教的有什么区别？ 高中中文课程里的中文三、中文四和 AP 中文都是高中外语课类的课程，学生可以通过转学分的途径把学分转到就读的高中算作外语课三年、外语课四年或者外语课五年来满足高中外语课学分部分的要求并得到 UC 和 CSU 的认可。但是为了那些希望只备考 AP 中文但又不需要高中外语课学分的学生我们开设了这门 AP Prep，每周只上两个小时的课，没有学分。至于教的内容，因为中文四和 AP Prep 的课程目的不同，用的教材也不同，课时长短也不同。 进入 AP Prep 班没有任何前提条件，也不需参加分班考试，因为 AP Prep 是没有学分的。若是上了中文四，下一年自动分到 AP 中文的学分班，这个程度的学生 UC/CSU 承认学生的高中五年外语课的程度。
应该上 AP Prep，然后去考 AP 中文，还是上中文三、中文四、中文 AP，再去考 AP 中文？ 这里有两个群体，各走自己的路：一个群体是直接上 AP Prep，然后参加 AP 考试。这个群体是那些不修学分想直接上了 AP Prep 就去考试的学生。另一个群体是按部就班，上了中文三、中文四、中文 AP 然后参加 AP 考试。因为是按部就班，基础打得较牢，只要按照老师的要求去做，基本上都可以考得满意。 所以，上完了AP Prep就不必再重复上 AP 中文了，应该直接去参加考试，因为 AP Prep 就是为不需要外语学分、不修中文学分班那些学生开设的。但是，没有把握的，应该走中文三、中文四、AP 中文这条路，既符合学习进步的规律又可以轻松参加 AP 考试获得高分。
What is $50 Yard Duty Deposit? CACC Chinese School is a non-profit organization. Its operation heavily relies on volunteers. Every registered family has obligation to maximum 4 hours of yard duty per registration agreement. This applies to all registrations for children and adult classes. The $50 Yard Duty charge is a way to reinforce this volunteer obligation. Please note, classroom duty is NOT a yard duty we are talking about here.
How does this $50 Yard Duty Deposit work? This $50 is charged and deposited in your account when you register with CACC Chinese School at first time. It will remain in your account and carry over to next school year if you have fulfilled your family yard duty obligation, which is maximum 4 hours per school year for each family. You will not see this $50 charge when you register with CACC Chinese School in next school year. But if you fail to fulfill this obligation, this $50 will be actually charged from your CACC account. Another $50 will be charged to your account at your next school year registration. To see the $50 Yard Duty Deposit activities in your account, please follow these steps: Login your CACC account If you don't have any required action to take, you will be directly taken to My Registration / Registration page Click the box Click Payment Details link You will see when you initially deposited the $50 in your account, when the $50 deposit was charged for the missed yard duty. Please email to cs-duty@caccusa.org for any questions, concerns, or dispute on the charge.
How do I get my Yard Duty Deposit refund? If you have fulfilled yard duty obligation for the previous school year, and you will no longer register any classes with CACC Chinese School, you may request a refund of your deposit. Please click the link below between 10/04/2025 and 04/17/2026 to fill out the request form. Your refund will be processed within 2 weeks. Yard Duty Deposit Refund Request Form
Can I choose my preferred yard duty schedule? Yes. Afer you registered at least one class, you can pick your preferred yard duty schedule. Log in to your account If you don't have any required action to take, you will be directly taken to My Registration / Registration page Click Yard Duty sub menu Click Scheduled by school Or Chosen by Myself Click Save when you are done The school will randomly schedule it for you if you didn't select a date and time slot. As soon as your duty schedule is picked or accepted in CACC system, your yard duty schedule will be post in your account.
How do I know my yard duty schedule? If you selected your own date and time period, you can always login to your account and click Yard Duty to find out If the system assigned you a yard duty for the coming week, you will receive an email for confirmation, or see a popup when you login. In either case, please confirm.
What do I do for yard duty? Please check in your duty on time at front gate of the school, by the stairs. The earlier schedule is 8:45am-11am, and the later schedule is 10:50am-1:10pm. The actual duty work is assigned at the time you check in. Please check yard duty policies and responsibilities Your arrival on time is critical to the function of Chinese School. If you are late to your duty schedule for more than 10 min, your duty time will be rescheduled. If you missed the duty more than the school designated times, your $50 deposity will be charged. Stay at your duty assigned location. Leaving the assigned location without pre-approval, your duty work will be forfeited. You must re-do your yard duty for the year.
Can I attend my class while doing my duty work? NO. You need to have undivided attention to your duty work. The function of all class time and student safety is on your hands. If you have a class during your duty time, please contact duty officer to change your duty schedule. If you are found that you left your duty position for any reason, your duty work will be forfeited. This may result a charge of $50 service fee.
Who are exempted from the yard duty obligations? Room parents, current and retired BOD members, teachers and office staff are exempted from yard duty obligations. Have your teacher to assign you as the room parent ASAP, by the end of October . No room parent assignment will be input into the school system after October. However, classroom duty/helper is NOT a yard duty. Classroom duty/helper helps the functions of the class and the class teacher.
什么是$50校园值班押金？ CACC 中文学校 是一个非营利组织。其运营主要依靠志愿者。每个注册家庭在注册协议中最多有 4 小时的校园值班。这适用于所有儿童和成人班级的注册。$50 的校园值班费是为了强化这项志愿者义务。 请注意，我们这里讨论的课堂值班并非校园值班。
这笔$50校园值班押金如何使用？ 当您首次在 CACC 中文学校 注册时，这笔 $50 会被扣除并存入您的账户。如果您履行了校园值班（每个家庭每学年最多 4 小时），这笔押金将保留在您的账户中并结转到下一个学年。 您在下一个学年在 CACC 中文学校 注册时不会看到这笔 $50 的费用。但如果您未能履行此义务，这笔 $50 将从您的 CACC 账户中扣除。在您下一学年注册时，您的账户将再次扣除 $50。 要查看您账户中 $50 的校园值班押金活动，请按以下步骤操作： 登录您的 CACC 账户 如果您无需执行任何操作，您将直接进入 Registration / Registration 页面 点击 框 点击 Payment Details 链接 您将看到您最初将 $50 存入账户时，以及因错过校园值班而扣除 $50 押金的时间。 如有任何关于此费用的问题、疑虑或争议，请发送电子邮件至 cs-duty@caccusa.org。
如何获得我的校园值班押金退款？ 如果您如果您已履行上一学年的校园值班，并且不再在CACC 中文学校注册任何课程，您可以申请退还押金。请于 10/04/2025 和 04/17/2026 之间，点击下方的链接填写申请表。您的退款将在两周内处理完毕。 校园值班押金退款申请表
我可以选择我喜欢的校园值班时间表吗？ 可以。在您注册至少一门课程后，您可以选择您喜欢的校园值班时间表。 登录您的帐户 如果您无需执行任何操作，您将直接进入 Registration / Registration 页面 点击 Yard Duty 子菜单 点击 Scheduled by School 或 Chosen by myself 完成后点击 Save 如果您没有选择日期和时间段，学校将随机为您安排。一旦您的值班时间表在 CACC 系统中被选中，您的校园时间表将立即发布到您的帐户中。
如何查看我的校园值班安排？ 如果您选择了自定义日期和时间段，您可以随时登录账户并点击 Yard 查看。 如果系统为您分配了下周的校园值班，您将收到一封确认电子邮件，或在登录时看到一个弹出窗口。无论哪种情况，请及时确认。
校园值班日我该做什么？ 请 准时 在学校正门楼梯旁报到。早班时间为上午 8:45 至 11:00，晚班时间为上午 10:50 至下午 1:10。 实际值班工作将在您签到时分配。请查看 校场值班政策和职责 您的准时签到对中文学校的正常运作至关重要。如果您迟到超过 10 分钟，您的值班时间将被重新安排。如果您缺席的次数达到学校规定限制，学校将扣除您的 $50 押金。 请留在您指定的值班地点。未经事先批准离开指定地点，您的值班工作将被取消。您必须重新完成今年的校园值班。
我可以一边值班一边上课吗？ 不行。您必须全神贯注于您的值班工作。所有课堂时间和学生安全的责任都由您承担。如果您在值班时间内有课，请联系值班人员更改您的值班安排。 如果您因任何原因擅离职守，您的值班工作将被取消，导致您的 $50 押金被扣除。
哪些人可以免除校园值班义务？ 家长代表、现任董事会成员、退休董事会成员和、老师和办公室人员可以免除校园值班义务。请您的老师尽快发送电子邮件到办公室，表明您是该班级的家长代表， 截止日期为 10 月底 。十月之后，学校系统将不再录入任何家长代表的信息。 然而，课堂值班/助理并不归入校园值班，它只在课堂上协助老师工作。
Contact Us. If you have any questions or concerns, please visit website at www.caccusa.org, email to cs@caccusa.org , or come and visit the school office in room Q215 at Amador Valley High School in Pleasanton. We will do our best to assist you.
联系我们。 如果您有任何问题或疑虑，请访问网站 www.caccusa.org，发送电子邮件至 cs@caccusa.org ，或前往位于普莱森顿 Amador Valley 高中 Q215 室的学校办公室。我们将尽力为您提供帮助。
About CACC Since its founding in 2003, CACC has thrived continuously to become an exciting and influential organization to serve our community. As a non-profit organization, we are "by the people, of the people and for the people." Our dedicated volunteers have made the achievements of CACC possible today. First and foremost are the attributes of the members of the Board of Directors. Their talents and their diligent dedication are instrumental to CACC's success. Like other CACC members, they are the backbone of CACC's success; they are the witnesses of CACC's growth. Their contributions are forever remembered and appreciated. They are part of the CACC extended family, in the past and in the future.
美中合作协会简介 美中合作协会（CACC）自2003年5月成立至今，规模不断扩展壮大，已成为北加州极具影响力和号召力的社团组织之一。作为一个由志愿者组成、以服务于社区大众即 "By the People, Of the People and For the People" 为宗旨的非盈利组织，能取得今天的成绩，离不开每一位志愿者的无私奉献，特别是历届董事会的成员，他们的统筹决策和辛勤付出是CACC成功走到今天的关键。大家会永远感谢和铭记他们的忘我奉献。和其他无数的志愿者们一样，他们是CACC的功臣，见证着CACC的成长，他们将永远是CACC这个大家庭不可缺少的成员，昨天如此，今天如此，明天也如此。
About CACC Chinese School CACC Chinese School was founded in 2003 by the Tri-Valley Community Volunteer Group to promote Chinese culture and serve the community. Over the past 20 years, CACC Chinese School has been growing immensely while continuously providing high-quality Chinese language and cultural education, as well as, a variety of enrichment courses for children and adults. Currently, CACC Chinese School is a WASC SEP Accredited Institution that accommodates the following assortment of courses: High school Chinese classes, including AP Chinese Language and Culture class, have been accredited by WASC, authorized by the College Board, and approved to be placed on the PUSD transcript in order to meet UC e requirements. Chinese AP Preparation Course ( Specializes in helping students prepare for the AP Chinese exam) PK - 8th Grade Chinese Courses (Your choice of Ji Nan or Ma Li Ping textbooks ) Chinese as a Second Language (for students ages 6-12 without prior Chinese language background) Various competitive and Olympiad mathematics Computer programming and Lego robotics Other activities such as sports (badminton, basketball, volleyball, chess, and martial arts), arts (painting and photography), vocal, and performing arts (traditional Chinese and fitness dance).
美中合作协会中文学校简介 CACC 中文学校由三谷社区义工组建于2003年，旨在弘扬中华文化，服务三谷社区。建校二十年来，CACC 中文 学校稳步发展，为社区提供了高质量的中国语言和文化教育，以及丰富多彩的儿童和成人的才艺课程。 目前CACC 中文学校是WASC认证的教育机构，其所授课程有: 高中中文学分课程，包括AP中文课程，已通过WASC/大学理事会的学分认证并可列入PUSD的成绩单以满足UC系统“e”课程系列的要求。 中文AP预考班, 专门帮助中文AP测试 PK - 8 年级中文课, 包括暨南和马立平中文教材 中文第二语言（针对 6-12 岁无汉语家庭背景的学生） 各种竞赛数学和奥数 计算机编程 和 乐高机器人 各类儿童和成人兴趣课，如体育（各种球类，国际象棋和武术），艺术（绘画和摄影），声乐和舞蹈（民族舞、健身舞）等。
Mission Chinese American Cooperation Council ("CACC"), is a California Nonprofit organization headquartered in Pleasanton, California. The mission of CACC is to promote cultural heritage and enhance friendship in the Chinese American community and to facilitate the cultural and business exchanges and cooperation between the peoples of the United States and the Greater China.
使命 美中合作协会是一个注册于加利福尼亚州的非盈利组织, 总部设在 PLEASANTON 市。本协会的宗旨是弘扬中华文化的精髓, 增进华人同胞的友谊, 促进美国与大中华地区双边的文化和经济交流与合作。
Board of Directors Questions and Suggestions : bod@caccusa.org Chiyu Wang , President : chiyuwang@caccusa.org Wenchao Song , Vice President : wenchaosong@caccusa.org Xiaofei Ma , Secretary : xiaofeima@caccusa.org Ping Shen , Treasurer : pingshen@caccusa.org Xiaomin Li , Director : xiaominli@caccusa.org Yuan Zhang , Director : yuanzhang@caccusa.org Xin Huang , Director : xinhuang@caccusa.org
Chinese School Questions and Suggestions : cs@caccusa.org Registration : cs-registration@caccusa.org Xiaohong Shi , Principal : xiaohongshi@caccusa.org Susan Xie , Director of Chinese Program : susanxie@caccusa.org Tom Ma , Director of Enrichment Program : tomma@caccusa.org Jim Lee , Director of Facility and Safety : jimlee@caccusa.org Xin Chen , Director of Registration : xinchen@caccusa.org Boyang Zhang , Operation Assistant : boyangzhang@caccusa.org
课程名称：None。课程说明：关于中文课CACC 中文学校开设的中文课程基本分为 K-8 和高中两大部分：其中 K-8（中文作为传承语）按照教材分类有两个分枝，暨南大学《中文》和《马力平中文》，各年级都有，其教法和内容编排各有特点，家长可以自行决定走那个分枝；高中阶段有学分班和非学分班之分，学分班按照程度分中文三、四和 AP，进入学分班需参加分班程度考试；非学分班有中文三预备班和 AP 中文备考班。凡是没有达到进入学分班学习程度的高中生若想读中文学分的都需首先进入中文三预备班，完成该班学习任务者方可直接进入中文三。AP 中文备考班，因为没有学分，不需考试就可入班。CSL 是上述体制外的针对没有任何中文背景的学生开设的。补充说明：“中文三”代表高中外语课第三年水平，UC/CSU 承认完成“中文三”课程的学生已经有了三年的中文学习，以此类推，“中文四”-第四年，“AP中文”- 第五年。
Class name: None. Class description: About Chinese Classes CACC Chinese School offers Chinese language courses mainly for two different groups of students, grades K-8 and high school students. The courses for K-8 students are designed for students who learn Chinese as a heritage language. These Chinese-as-a-heritage-language courses are in two different learning channels based on the textbooks used, one is the textbook entitled Chinese published by Jinan University, and the other one is the textbook entitled Stanford Chinese by Ma Liping; the high school courses are credit courses and non-credit courses. We currently offer three levels of high school credit courses, i.e. Chinese III, Chinese IV and AP Chinese Language and Culture. To enter a credit class, a student needs to take a placement test for proper placement. Non-credit courses include the Chinese III Prep Course and Chinese AP Prep. Any student with a need of preparation for entering the Chinese III class should take this Chinese III Prep Course first and, upon successfully completing the learning tasks in CLASS III course, will be allowed to take Chinese III. Chinese AP Prep course, as a non-credit course, does not require a placement test. Chinese as a Second Language courses are designed as a supplement outside of the above system for students who have no background of any kind in the Chinese language. A special note: The level of the Chinese III course represents a third year of taking Chinese as a foreign language, which means, UC/CSU recognize three years of a foreign language study for those students who have successfully completed Chinese III. For exactly the same reason, Chinese IV represents four years and AP Chinese represents a fifth year of taking a foreign language course in high school.
课程名称：None。课程说明：学龄前班
Class name: None. Class description: Pre-Kindergarten & Kindergarten
课程名称：Chinese Pre-Kindergarten (中文班 PK)。课程说明：学前预备班一般招收4 岁以上的孩子(出生日在 8/18/2021 之前为准)。此阶段是孩子学知识的启蒙阶段。孩子将来对中文喜欢或逃避，启蒙阶段的教学至关重要。学前预备班的教学目标是采用活泼、生动、有趣及和现实生活相关联的教学形式，通过儿歌、歌曲、故事、游戏、拼图（字）等教学内容，发展孩子们的听、说和认字的能力，提高孩子对中文学习的兴趣和积极性。同时教师也根据教学内容里出现的基本汉字、基础笔画和部首进行相关的练习。课程使用《幼儿汉语》教材。
Class name: Chinese Pre-Kindergarten (中文班 PK). Class description: Pre-K class is designed for kids from 4 years old and up (birthday was on or before 8/18/2021). The period is children's beginning step to systematic training in language, so it's of vital importance to their future interest in learning Chinese. The teaching objectives for Pre-K are to develop language skills in listening, speaking, and the ability to recognize sight words through rhymes, songs, stories, games, and puzzles. Through a variety of fun and interesting activities, the teacher will stimulate children's natural curiosity and genuine interest in language learning. Meanwhile, Chinese language basics such as characters, strokes, and radicals are also emphasized through abundant exercises. And it includes themes such as daily life skills, five senses, animals, and colors. The popular Chinese and American holidays of the year are integrated into the teaching.
课程名称：Chinese Kindergarten (中文班 K)。课程说明：学前班招收5至6岁的儿童(出生日在 8/18/2020 之前为准)。其教学目标是通过一年的学习，学生能够朗读或背诵所学的儿歌，并能认读汉语拼音，为一年级的学习打好坚实的基础。教学内容以学习儿歌及日常用语为主，通过押韵的儿歌朗读，增加孩子们对中文的语感和认读能力。在听说方面，配合认识简单的常用字和使用基本的汉语句型。教学上教师结合图片、实物、手工、故事、歌曲等辅助手段，以加强语言学习的视觉和听觉效果，并且激发和维持孩子们学习中文的兴趣和热情。课程使用美洲华语首册(Level K)课本和 CD 碟片。
Class name: Chinese Kindergarten (中文班 K). Class description: Chinese Kindergarten is designed for children from 5 to 6 years old (birthday was on or before 8/18/2020). After a year's study, the kindergarten children will be able to read aloud or recite the nursery rhymes taught in class as well as to identify and read pinyin, thus laying a solid foundation for the first grade language study. The teaching is focused on learning popular Chinese nursery songs and daily oral expressions. Children are able to develop the sense of language and the ability for word recognition through reading the rhyming children's songs. Listening and speaking skills are also reinforced by learning fundamental characters and using simple sentences structures. Through a combination of effective teaching strategies by using teaching aids like pictures, real objects, crafts, stories and songs, the teacher achieves direct visual and hearing effects in teaching the students, therefore stimulating and maintaining their interest and enthusiasm in Chinese. Textbook: Mei Zhou Chinese, Level K, Simplified Chinese/Pinyin/CD and Workbook.
课程名称：None。课程说明：暨南大学《中文》教材采用暨南大学出版的，由北京中国语言文化学校为海外华侨、华人学生学习汉语所编写的《中文》
Class name: None. Class description: Jinan University Textbook The textbook is compiled by Jinan University supplemented with "Pinyin" published by Beijing Chinese Language and Culture school
课程名称：Chinese 1st Grade (中文班 1年级)。课程说明：一年级开始正规的语言学习。学生首先通过八-十周的汉语拼音学习以了解声母、韵母、声调及拼读规则，进而掌握初步认读汉字的能力。 其后通过生字、句子、课文的教学，进一步认识汉字的基本笔划和笔顺规则，认识和掌握偏旁部首，独体字及构字能力很强的常用字。在认、读、写能力提高的同时，学生的语言交际能力围绕日常生活和文化主题得到不断的延伸。教师也将根据低年级学生认知特点设计以学生为中心、增加教学互动的教学方法提高孩子们学习中文的兴趣。教材《中文》第一册, 练习册 A、B 及《拼音》和练习册。
Class name: Chinese 1st Grade (中文班 1年级). Class description: The First Grade is designed to assist students in beginning a systematic, second language acquisition process. The first eight to ten weeks of school will be focused on Pinyin study, learning initials, finals, tones, rules of syllables pronunciation and the combination. After Pinyin study, students gradually develop the capability to read Chinese characters with the help of Pinyin. Then by learning characters, sentences, short passages and songs in the textbook, students will be able to enhance their knowledge of basic strokes and order of strokes in a character, master common radicals, single characters (those with a single body) and basic characters that have strong word constructing ability. In the meantime, communication skills will also be developed with each real-life oral theme and cultural thread as well as through an effective teaching approach which is student-centered and interactive to promote students' interest in learning. The textbook is "Chinese" Book One (including two workbooks) supplemented with "Pinyin" and workbook.
课程名称：Chinese 2nd Grade (中文班 2年级)。课程说明：二年级的教学目标是复习和巩固一年级所学过的汉语拼音，和通过组词和造句扩大汉字的词汇量及语言实际应用能力。笔划顺序，汉字的结构，和偏旁部首知识得到进一步巩固。在课堂学习过程当中，教师将使用图片、手势、唱歌、游戏以及固定课堂用语等方式，使学生在多样化的语言活动当中，得到充分的语言练习，强化学生听、说、及朗读能力。学生们还有机会练习日常会话，了解中国节庆的习俗，语文知识的应用，古诗、绕口令和儿歌等等。同时，通过基本句型的反复练习提高学生遣词造句的能力。教材《中文》第二册, 和练习册 A、B。
Class name: Chinese 2nd Grade (中文班 2年级). Class description: The design of the Second Grade teaching focuses on reviewing and consolidating Pinyin learned from the first grade, and expanding vocabulary through making phrases and sentences as well as language applications in actual life. Knowledge of characters, structures, order of strokes, and radicals is further developed. During the instructions, the teacher tries to strengthen students' competency in listening, speaking, and reading by means of images, gestures, songs, games, routine classroom language and a variety of other language activities. Students will also have opportunities to engage in daily dialogues, learn to understand the Chinese culture and customs, language applications, ancient poetry, tongue twisters and nursery rhymes. The textbook is "Chinese" Level Two (including two workbooks).
课程名称：Chinese 3rd Grade (中文班 3年级)。课程说明：三年级的教学目标是在学习掌握第一、二册所学的语文知识和基本词汇的基础上,通过学习和生活相关的儿歌、短文、科学知识、故事及古诗、历史人物传记和动物寓言，进一步扩大汉语词汇的学习和应用，了解和使用较复杂的句型。在理解课文内容的基础上，潜移默化地灌输一些有关的中国文化及背景。教学中，通过常用的形近字、多音字、同音字的练习，做到温故而知新。教师也会根据课文的需要介绍和练习常用量词的用法，并通过各种活动加强谴词造句的训练和口头表达的练习。教材《中文》第三册, 和练习册 A、B。
Class name: Chinese 3rd Grade (中文班 3年级). Class description: The teaching objectives for the Third Grade continue to reinforce the basic rules and concept of Chinese language arts. By learning relevant children poems, short articles, science, stories and biographies of people in history, students are able to expand their vocabulary and its proper uses, understand and use more complex sentence structures. Chinese cultures and background will also be integrated into the teaching based on students' understanding of the chapter contents. Exercises on words of similar shapes, multi-sound words and homophones are emphasized throughout the Third Grade instruction. Depending on the content of the lesson, the teacher will introduce and allow students to practice and improve uses of some common measure words. A variety of activities will be included to strengthen students' ability to make phrases, organize sentences and improve oral presentations. The textbook is "Chinese" Book Three (including two workbooks).
课程名称：Chinese 4th Grade (中文班 4年级)。课程说明：四年级的教学是在巩固第三册所学的知识的基础上，掌握第四册课文中的生字和生词。巩固和提高学生查字典的能力。学习中文打字(汉语拼音输入法)。提高学生 的阅读能力。除完成教学大纲中指定的教材外，还要加入课外辅助阅读材料。引入集中认字的方法, 在扎实地学习课文中生词的基础上, 尽量多认字。加强词语学习, 并训练学生造长句子。培养学生对中文的学习兴趣和对中国文化的热爱。教材《中文》第四册, 和练习册 A、B。
Class name: Chinese 4th Grade (中文班 4年级). Class description: The Fourth Grade curriculum is designed to reinforce the solid basis built up in the 3rd grade learning. The objective is to master grade level words and phrases, strengthen and develop students' ability to use dictionary and study Chinese Pinyin input on computers. Reading comprehension is stressed and further developed. Besides the objectives set by the curriculum, extra reading materials are introduced in order for students to increase vocabulary, enhance word study and write longer and more complex sentences. The textbook is "Chinese" Book Four (including two workbooks).
课程名称：Chinese 5th Grade (中文班 5年级)。课程说明：五年级的教学目标基本上是 在巩固第四册所学的知识的基础上，掌握第五册课文中的生字和生词。帮助学生进一步加强中文听，说，读，写的能力，并着力于学生自学能力的培养。五年级学生 应学会本课程的180多个生字，能读懂字音，认清字形，理解字义。能辨认学过的形近字，同音字，多音字。复习音序，部首查字法。能辨认学过的反义词和同义 词，区别学过的一些词的多个义项。继续巩固和学习数量词的用法，培养学生借助字典理解词句的能力，准确地理解和运用词语。通过提供一些有趣的课外阅读材 料，定期举行故事会，提高同学们的阅读能力，复述能力，表达能力。通过看图说话-写话，培养同学们的观察能力和语言表达能力。教材《中文》第五册，和练习册 A、B。
Class name: Chinese 5th Grade (中文班 5年级). Class description: The instruction of the Fifth Grade is basically maintaining the linguistic competence gained from Book Four as well as focusing on mastery of new words and expressions in Book Five. Students are assisted to further consolidate the four language skills of listening, speaking, reading and writing, with special focus on students self-teaching ability. Fifth grade students should be proficient in the 180 new words in the book --- correctly pronounce the words, recognize the shapes, and understand their meanings. They should also be able to distinguish words of similar shapes, homonyms, polyphonies, synonyms and antonyms learned before. Their competence in using measure words is emphasized too. Alphabetic-based and radical-based Dictionary look-up skills are reviewed so that students can improve their ability to interpret new words and phrases accurately and use them correctly. Enrichment activities include interesting supplementary reading materials and regularly held story-telling meetings which serve to increase students' ability to read, retell the stories and express themselves clearly and accurately. Their competence in observation and verbal expression is also strengthened by means of narrative writing according to the pictures. The textbook is "Chinese" Book Five (including two workbooks).
课程名称：Chinese 6th Grade (中文班 6年级)。课程说明：六年级的教学目标基本上是在巩固第 五 册所学的知识的基础上，掌握第六册课文中的生字和生词。分析部首部件、字词本意以及上下文，培养举一反三的能力；讲解常用复句句型、语法要点和修辞手法， 提高融会贯通的水平。鼓励口译，为日后笔译打基础；指导作文，出版班级刊物。提供补充阅读，介绍中国历史知识和传统文化；布置补充作业，锻炼实际运用的能力。并通过多种词汇游戏，演讲比赛，讨论辩论等课堂活动，增进学生的学习兴趣与热情。该学年的学习会较多引进课外读物，以增强学生的阅读及理解能力。教材《中文》第 六册，和练习册 A、B 以及由教师编纂的课外阅读汇编及相应的综合练习。
Class name: Chinese 6th Grade (中文班 6年级). Class description: The basic instructional goal for Sixth Grade is to enhance the language skills that have been acquired from Book Five and to emphasize mastery of new words and word groups in Book Six. The ability to draw inferences from one instance will be developed in the context of instruction through analysis of radical components and the original meaning of words. Commonly used compound sentence structures, grammar points and rhetorical methods will be highlighted so that students achieve proficiency level through intensive study. Oral interpretation will be encouraged in order to build a solid foundation for future translation of written language. The lessons also include composition guidance, class publications, supplementary reading materials and introduction of Chinese history and traditional culture. We encourage more extensive reading during this year in order to enhance reading comprehension capacity. Supplementary homework will be assigned to allow more practice on how to use the Chinese language functionally in real life. A variety of teaching approaches will be employed to stimulate and increase interest and enthusiasm in learning; examples include vocabulary games, public speech contest, class discussion and debate. The textbook is "Chinese" Book Six (including two workbooks). Extensive reading and corresponding comprehensive practice compiled by CACC Chinese teachers will also be assigned.
课程名称：Chinese 7th Grade (中文班 7年级)。课程说明：七年级的教学目标是在巩固第六册所学的知识的基础上，掌握第七册课文中的生字和生词。大量增加阅读和词汇量。巩固写作能力。课文的讲解过程中会较多采取相应的例如"人物、事件"的归纳教学，引进部分实用性较强的课外阅读文章，学生开始写叙述性短文。介绍初步中英文翻译技巧。教材《中文》第七册，练习册 A、B。以及由教师编纂的课外阅读汇编及相应的综合练习。
Class name: Chinese 7th Grade (中文班 7年级). Class description: The teaching objectives for the Seventh Grade are to master the new words and expressions in Book Seven on the basis of Book Six. Special emphasis will be placed on extensive reading to increase vocabulary. Composition skills will be reinforced during this period by writing short narratives. Inductive learning techniques, such as "character, event", will be employed more often. More extensive reading will be adopted in order to enhance reading comprehension capacity. Students will begin to write narrative essays. Preliminary translation techniques (from English to Chinese or vice versa) will be introduced. The textbook is "Chinese" Book Seven (including two workbooks). Extensive reading and corresponding comprehensive practice compiled by CACC Chinese teachers will also be assigned.
课程名称：Chinese 8th Grade (中文班 8年级)。课程说明：八年级的教学目标是在巩固第七册所学的知识的基础上掌握第八册课文中的生字和生词。大量增加阅读能力，增加写作能力和词汇量。教材是采用暨南大学出版的，由北京中国语言文化学校为海外华侨、华人学生学习汉语所编写的<<中文> >第八册和练习册A、B册。
Class name: Chinese 8th Grade (中文班 8年级). Class description: The teaching objectives continue to focus on mastery of new words and expressions in Book Eight based on the knowledge acquired from Book Seven. Large amount of readings are supplemented to enhance competence in writing and to expand vocabulary. The textbook adopted is "Chinese" Book Eight (including two workbooks) compiled by Jinan University for oversea Chinese and Chinese learners.
课程名称：None。课程说明：汉语作为第二语言专为无汉语学习背景或非汉语母语的学生设计，学习目标侧重于常见语言环境中的沟通能力，并围绕与日常生活和文化相关的主题展开。
Class name: None. Class description: Chinese as a Second Language Designed for students without any Chinese learning background or non-Mandarin speakers. The learning objectives are focused on communicative ability in commonly encountered language contexts and will center on themes that are relevant to daily life and culture.
课程名称：Chinese as a Second Language 1 (少儿汉语班 1级)。课程说明：本课的学习目标侧重于常见语言环境中的沟通能力，例如问候、介绍姓名、国籍、家庭和社区，以及学校、体育运动和生活中的喜好。此外，教师将介绍汉语的基础知识，例如笔画、笔顺和部首。中国文化和跨文化比较将贯穿整个学年。拼音是教学的重要组成部分，使学习者能够运用拼音掌握汉语的发音和声调。在第一个入门学年后，学习者将能够读写大约100个汉字，使用基本的句子结构，并进行简单的汉语对话。所使用的教材是《我的第一本汉语词汇》（简体版，一套 36 册，另加一张 CD）。学校提供暨南大学出版的《汉语拼音》教材和练习册做为家庭学习辅助工具，帮助学习者补充课堂学习经验。请注意，教材和 CD 或 DVD 不包含在学费中。书费加 DVD 或 CD 的价格在 60 美元至 90 美元之间（请查看并确认当前价格）。家长可以访问https://www.BetterChinese.com在线购买（在线补充订阅可单独购买，为可选内容。免费试用：https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854）。
Class name: Chinese as a Second Language 1 (少儿汉语班 1级). Class description: Designed for students without any Chinese learning background or non-Mandarin speakers. The learning objectives are focused on communicative ability in commonly encountered language contexts and will center on themes that are relevant to daily life and culture. The learning objectives are focused on communicative ability in commonly encountered language contexts, such as greeting, introduction of one's name, nationality, family and community as well as school, sports and their favorites in life. In addition, the teacher will introduce the basics of Chinese language; examples are strokes, stroke order, and radicals. Chinese culture and cross cultural comparisons run throughout the entire year as the occasion arises. Pinyin is an integral part of the instruction to enable learners to use it as a tool to master Chinese pronunciation and tones. After the first introductory year, the learners will be able to read and write about 100 characters, use the basic sentence structures and engage in simple conversations in Chinese. The textbook used is My First Chinese Words (A set of 36 books plus CD, Simplified Chinese ). The school will provide Hanyu Pinyin Textbook and Workbook by Jinan University to students as home learning aid to assist learners to supplement their classroom experience. Please note that the textbook and CD or DVD is not included in the tuition. The book fee plus DVD or CD ranges from $60 to $90 (please check and confirm the current price). Parents can buy it online at https://www.BetterChinese.com (online supplemental subscription can be purchased separately, this is optional. Free trial: https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854 ).
课程名称：Chinese as a Second Language 2 (少儿汉语班 2级)。课程说明：本课面向已完成 CSL-1 的学生以及任何具有一定汉语听力/口语基础的学生。课程将继续巩固 CSL-1 课程所获得的语言能力，并围绕与日常生活和文化相关的主题展开。本级课程将进一步扩展汉语基础知识，引入更多汉字和复杂的句子结构，包括笔画、笔顺、部首、拼音等。教学中将同样强调听说的基本沟通技巧，并提供大量的练习机会。中国文化将贯穿全年的课堂教学。教学材料包括：课本《我的第一本中文单词》（一套 36 册加一张 CD，简体版）练习册《我的第一本中文单词》》（简体版）请注意，学费不包含课本和 CD 或 DVD 的费用。课本费加 DVD 或 CD 的费用从 60 美元到 90 美元不等。（请查看并确认当前价格）。家长可以通过以下网址在线购买：https://www.BetterChinese.com（在线补充订阅可单独购买，这是可选的。免费试用：https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854）。
Class name: Chinese as a Second Language 2 (少儿汉语班 2级). Class description: This class offered to students who have completed CSL-1 and to any student who has some Chinese language listening/speaking background. Lessons will continue to build upon the language competence gained from CSL-1 and will center on themes that are relevant to daily life and culture. Basic knowledge of the Chinese language will be further expanded at this level as more characters and complex sentence structures are introduced. These include strokes, stroke order, radicals, Pinyin and so on. The basic communication skills of listening and speaking will be equally emphasized during instruction, with many opportunities for practice. Chinese culture will be integrated in the class throughout the year. The instructional materials include: Textbook "My First Chinese Words (A set of 36 books plus CD, Simplified Chinese ) Workbook "My First Chinese Words" ( Simplified Chinese ) Please note that the cost of the textbook and CD or DVD is not included in the tuition. The book fees plus DVD or CD range from $60 to $90. (please check and confirm the current price). Parents can buy it online at https://www.BetterChinese.com (online supplemental subscription can be purchased separately, this is optional. Free trial: https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854 ).
课程名称：Chinese as a Second Language 3 (少儿汉语班 3级)。课程说明：本课面向已完成 CSL-2 的学生以及任何具有一定汉语听力/口语基础的学生。课程将继续巩固 CSL-2 课程所获得的语言能力，并围绕与日常生活和文化相关的主题展开。课程将提供大量练习听说基本沟通技能的机会。阅读和写作技能将贯穿全年。课程将使用《我的第一本汉语读本》第一册（课本和练习册,简体版）。请注意，学费不包含课本和 CD 或 DVD 的费用。课本费加上 DVD 或 CD 的费用在 60 至 90 美元之间。（请查看并确认当前价格）。家长可以在https://www.BetterChinese.com（在线补充订阅可单独购买，这是可选的。免费试用：https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854）。
Class name: Chinese as a Second Language 3 (少儿汉语班 3级). Class description: This class is offered to students who have completed class CSL-2 and to any student who has some Chinese language listening/speaking background. Lessons will continue to build upon the language competence gained from CSL-2 and center around themes that are relevant to daily life and culture. There will be many opportunities to practice the basic communication skills of listening and speaking. Reading and writing skills will be emphasized throughout the year. The textbook used is My First Chinese Reader Vol. 1 (Textbook and Workbook, Simplified Chinese ). Please note that the cost of the textbook and CD or DVD is not included in the tuition. The book fees plus DVD or CD range from $60 to $90. (please check and confirm the current price). Parents can buy it online at https://www.BetterChinese.com (online supplemental subscription can be purchased separately, this is optional. Free trial: https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854 ).
课程名称：Chinese as a Second Language 4 (少儿汉语班 4级)。课程说明：本课面向已完成 CSL-3 的学生以及任何具有扎实汉语听力/口语基础的学生。课程将继续巩固 CSL-3 课程所获得的语言能力，并重点关注与日常生活和文化相关的主题。本课程将进一步扩展汉语基础知识，引入更多汉字和复杂的句型。这些基本知识和技能包括认识和练习汉字笔画、笔顺、部首、拼音等。教学中将同样强调听说的基本沟通技巧，并提供大量练习机会。中国文化将贯穿全年的课堂教学。本课程的教材为《我的第一本汉语读本 第二册（课本和练习册）》，简体版。请注意，教材和 CD 或 DVD 的费用不包含在学费中。教材费加 DVD 或 CD 的费用在 60 至 90 美元之间。请与 BetterChinese 确认教材、练习册以及 CD 或 DVD 的当前价格。家长可以访问https://www.BetterChinese.com在线购买所有学习资料（在线补充订阅可单独购买，但为可选服务）。免费试用：https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854）。
Class name: Chinese as a Second Language 4 (少儿汉语班 4级). Class description: This class is offered to students who have completed 'CSL III' and to any student who has strong Chinese language listening/speaking background. Lessons will continue to build upon the language competence gained from Level III and will focus on themes that are relevant to daily life and culture. Basic knowledge of the Chinese language will be further expanded at this level as more characters and complex sentence structures are introduced. These basic knowledge and skills include knowing and practicing character strokes, stroke orders, radicals, Pinyin and so on. The basic communication skills of listening and speaking will be equally emphasized during instruction, with many opportunities for practice. Chinese culture will be integrated in the class throughout the year. The textbook for this course is "My First Chinese Reader Vol. 2 (Textbook and Workbook, Simplified Chinese )". Please note that the cost of the textbook and CD or DVD is not included in the tuition. The book fee plus DVD or CD range from $60 to $90. For current prices of the textbook, workbook, and CD or DVD, please check and confirm with BetterChinese. Parents can buy all study materials online at https://www.BetterChinese.com (online supplemental subscription can be purchased separately, this is optional. Free trial: https://trial.betterchinese.com/indexV.html?UUID=287ff067-c609-4219-9d49-b98379bb7854 ).
课程名称：Chinese as a Second Language 5 (少儿汉语班 5级)。课程说明：本课面向已完成 CSL-4 的学生以及任何具有扎实汉语听力/口语基础的学生。课程将继续巩固 CSL-4 所获得的语言能力，并重点关注与日常生活和文化相关的主题。本课程将进一步扩展汉语基础知识，引入更多汉字和复杂的句型。教学过程中，听力和口语的基本沟通技巧将得到同等重视，并提供大量练习机会。中国文化将贯穿全年的课堂教学。教材为《我的第一本汉语读本》第三册（课本和练习册，简体版）。请注意，教材和 CD 或 DVD 的费用不包含在学费中。教材费加 DVD 或 CD 的费用在 60 至 90 美元之间。有关教材、练习册和 CD 或 DVD 的最新价格，请咨询 BetterChinese 并确认。家长可以在https://www.BetterChinese.com在线购买所有学习材料。
Class name: Chinese as a Second Language 5 (少儿汉语班 5级). Class description: This class is offered to students who have completed CSL-4 and to any student who has strong Chinese language listening/speaking background. Lessons will continue to build upon the language competence gained from CSL-4 and will focus on themes that are relevant to daily life and culture. Basic knowledge of the Chinese language will be further expanded at this level as more characters and complex sentence structures are introduced. The basic communication skills of listening and speaking will be equally emphasized during instruction, with many opportunities for practice. Chinese culture will be integrated in the class throughout the year. The textbook used is My First Chinese Reader Vol. 3 (Textbook and Workbook, Simplified Chinese ). Please note that the cost of the textbook and CD or DVD is not included in the tuition. The book fee plus DVD or CD range from $60 to $90. For current prices of the textbook, workbook, and CD or DVD, please check and confirm with BetterChinese. Parents can buy all study materials online at https://www.BetterChinese.com .
课程名称：Chinese as a Second Language 7 (少儿汉语班 7级)。课程说明：本课程面向已完成 CSL-6 的学生以及经学校评估推荐的学生。课程将继续巩固 CSL-6 课程所获得的语言能力，并重点关注与日常生活和文化相关的主题。本课程将进一步扩展汉语基础知识，引入更多汉字和复杂的句型。教学中将同样强调听说的基本沟通技巧，并提供大量练习机会。中国文化将贯穿全年的课堂教学。教材为《探索汉语》专业版新版简体第三册（课本和练习册）。请注意，教材、练习册和 CD 或 DVD 的费用不包含在学费中。教材费加上 DVD 或 CD 的费用在 60 至 90 美元之间。有关教材、练习册和 CD 或 DVD 的最新价格，请咨询 BetterChinese 并确认。家长可以在https://www.BetterChinese.com在线购买所有学习材料。
Class name: Chinese as a Second Language 7 (少儿汉语班 7级). Class description: This class is offered to students who have completed CSL-6 and to any student who has been recommended through an assessment given by the school. Lessons will continue to build upon the language competence gained from CSL-6 and will focus on themes that are relevant to daily life and culture. Basic knowledge of the Chinese language will be further expanded at this level as more characters and complex sentence structures are introduced. The basic communication skills of listening and speaking will be equally emphasized during instruction, with many opportunities for practice. Chinese culture will be integrated in the class throughout the year. The textbook used is Discovering Chinese Pro New Edition Simplified Chinese Volume 3 (Textbook and Workbook). Please note that the cost of the textbook, workbook, and CD or DVD is not included in the tuition. The book fee plus DVD or CD range from $60 to $90. For current prices of the textbook, workbook, and CD or DVD, please check and confirm with BetterChinese. Parents can buy all study materials online at https://www.BetterChinese.com .
课程名称：None。课程说明：《马力平中文》马立平教材设计适合海外出生的后代学习纯正的中国文化，最大特点是内容编排精致，直接认字，后学拼音，强调先认后写，多认少写，先读后写，水到渠成。
Class name: None. Class description: Ma Li Ping Chinese Textbook The Ma Li Ping Chinese Text Book and Learning Materials are designed for children born overseas to learn about authentic Chinese culture. Their most important features are: the refined content and presentation the direct learning approach with words and literacy the teaching of Pinyin in later stages recognizing words at first and writing them at second focusing more on words-recognizing than on words-writing reading at first and writing at second allow Chinese learning in a natural way
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 1 (斯坦福中文马立平教材1年级)。课程说明：一年级的教学目标是先入为主地发展学生识别汉字的能力，不用拼音而是通过精选的韵文直接进行汉字教学。通过生字、读词、读句子，学韵文、学写笔画、汉字结构、课堂习字等多样化的语言活动规范教学。教材首创的表意部首和表音部首概念，清晰归纳汉字，简单易记，使学生迅速掌握笔画、笔形、笔顺及部首。趣味韵文和阅读笑话相互交织，帮助学生轻松、自然地认识汉字和文化。每周家庭作业形式新颖，多媒体，听、说、读、写全方位练习游戏，化难于易、寓学于乐。整个学年累计学到302个常用汉字,能够认读儿歌和小短文。教材采用"马立平教材中文一年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业及彩色字卡的练习册A、B两册,以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用为$60-65 (请查询教材价格)。 家长负责购买各自教材。 也可上网自行购买 www.heritagechinese.com
Class name: Stanford Chinese 1 (斯坦福中文马立平教材1年级). Class description: The teaching goal for the first year is to develop the ability of students to directly identify Chinese characters without Pinyin, through a selection of verse teaching. A standardized and specified teaching progresses through vocabulary, words and sentences reading, verse learning, stroke-writing exercises, character structures, classroom copybooks to learn how to write, etc. - a variety of language learning activities. The textbook has innovated ideographic radicals and phonetic radical concept, clearly summarizes and classifies Chinese characters and make them easy to remember, so students may quickly grasp the strokes, the pen shape, the stroke order and the radicals of the vocabulary. Fun verse text and reading jokes are incorporated into the textbook to help students easily and naturally recognize Chinese characters and culture. The weekly homework is novel in form, multimedia, that integrates listening, speaking, reading, writing and all-round practice and exercise games to make learning easy and to make Chinese learning fun. During the school year, the student will cumulatively learn 302 commonly used Chinese characters. The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese First Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 2 (斯坦福中文马立平教材2年级)。课程说明：注重认读，先认后写，多认少写，先读后写，水到渠成是体现在马立平教材二年级课本里的特点。二年级内容具有更大的识字量，注重训练认读能力。课文和阅读材料并重，每篇课文都配有多种题材的短篇趣味阅读故事，快速有效地让学生掌握大量的语汇，提高中文阅读能力。简练清晰的语法点概括，使学生通过语法句型的练习得到遣词造句和口头表达的提高。也通过简单易记的表意部首和表音部首概念和常用的形近字、多音字、同音字的练习，达到温故而知新，举一反三。教师通过课文内容教学，介绍和教授一些有关的中国文化及背景。课堂书写练习加强生字的掌握。每周家庭作业形式新颖，书面和多媒并举，听、说、读、写全方位练习游戏，化难于易、寓学于乐。二年级整个学年累计学到683个常用汉字。学生将可以阅读短节故事，写出短句。教材采用"马立平教材中文二年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业和彩色字卡的练习册A、B两册，以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用为$60-65 (请查询教材价格)。 家长负责购买各自教材。 也可上网自行购买 www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 2 (斯坦福中文马立平教材2年级). Class description: The characteristics of Ma Li Ping Chinese Text Book and Learning Materials for the second grade are: 1). emphasizing vocabulary recognizing and reading; 2). words-recognizing at first and writing at second; 3). focusing more on words-recognizing than on words-writing; 4). start from reading and putting writing at later time; 5). And allow Chinese learning in a natural way. The content of Ma Li Ping Chinese Text Book and Learning Materials for the second grade has a great amount of vocabulary and literacy and focuses on reading ability training. Both texts and reading materials are taught in detail; each lesson is equipped with short interesting stories of diverse subjects, quickly and effectively pushing students to master a lot of vocabulary to improve their Chinese reading ability. Through concise and clear grammar summary as well as grammar patterns practice, students will improve their oral expression and words and sentences usage. Also based on the practice of easy-to-remember ideographic radicals and phonetic radical concept and based on the exercises of polyphone, homophone, and similar-form words, we will learn new material while reviewing the learned vocabulary, and reach a broader extent of knowledge from what has been learned previously. While teaching from the textbook, the teacher will introduce and present the related Chinese culture and background. The form of weekly homework is pretty novel, as student will use both textbook and multimedia simultaneously, integrating listening, speaking, reading, writing and all-round practice and exercise games to transfer any difficulty into ease and to make Chinese learning joyful. During the school year student will cumulatively learn 683 commonly-used Chinese characters. The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese Second Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com .
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 3 (斯坦福中文马立平教材3年级)。课程说明：在一、二年级直接认字、先入为主的汉字教学基础上，马立平教材三年级教学起始乃用 8 个课时集中学习汉语拼音，通过语音识读和韵文教学，使学生掌握汉语拼音辅助认读汉字的运用。同时在其后的三个单元的课文里，强调认读汉字，摒除将汉语拼音作为拐杖的做法，培养学生识读中文的自然习惯。三年级课本内容具有更大的识字量，注重训练认读能力。课文和阅读材料并重，每篇课文都配有多种题材的短篇趣味阅读故事，快速有效地让学生掌握大量的语汇，提高中文阅读能力。简练清晰的语法点概括，使学生通过语法句型的练习得到遣词造句和口头表达的提高。也通过简单易记的表意部首和表音部首概念和常用的形近字、多音字、同音字的练习，达到温故而知新，举一反三。教师通过课文内容教学，介绍和教授一些有关的中国文化，如成语、神话、寓言等等。课堂书写练习加强生字的掌握。每周家庭作业形式新颖，书面和多媒并举，听、说、读、写全方位练习游戏，化难于易、寓学于乐。三年级整个学年将学到 364 个字，累计学到 1047 个常用汉字。学生将可以阅读短文故事，写出造句、小短文。教材采用"马立平教材中文三年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业和彩色字卡的练习册 A、B 两册，以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用为$60-65 (请查询教材价格)。 家长负责购买各自教材。 也可上网自行购买 www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 3 (斯坦福中文马立平教材3年级). Class description: The content of Ma Li Ping Chinese Text Book and Learning Materials for the 3rd grade has a great amount of vocabulary and literacy and focuses on reading ability training. Both texts and reading materials are taught in detail; each lesson is equipped with short interesting stories of diverse subjects, quickly and effectively pushing students to master a lot of vocabulary to improve their Chinese reading ability. Through concise and clear grammar summary as well as grammar patterns practice, students will improve their oral expression and words and sentences usage. Also based on the practice of easy-to-remember ideographic radicals and phonetic radical concept and based on the exercises of polyphone, homophone, and similar-form words, we will learn new material while reviewing the learned vocabulary, and reach a broader extent of knowledge from what has been learned previously. While teaching from the textbook, the teacher will introduce and present the related Chinese culture and background. The form of weekly homework is pretty novel, as student will use both textbook and multimedia simultaneously, integrating listening, speaking, reading, writing and all-round practice and exercise games to transfer any difficulty into ease and to make Chinese learning joyful. During the school year student will cumulatively learn 1047 commonly-used Chinese characters. The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese 3rd Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 4 (斯坦福中文马立平教材4年级)。课程说明：在一、二年级直接认字、先入为主的汉字教学和三年级综合汉语拼音教学和认读汉字的基础上，马立平教材四年级的中文学习是一个十分重要的继续和提高的阶段。教材和教学注重针对海外学生的语言环境特点，采用课文和阅读材料相互交织的结构，每篇课文都配有趣味性阅读故事数篇，纳入正式教学；而且阅读选文均为反映中国历史和中国文化的著名故事，帮助学生达到既学习中文又了解文化的双重目的。同时四年级仍然以认字和阅读教学为主，让学生掌握大量的词汇，为将来能用中文写作奠定基础。经过四年级的中文学习，学生已学习过的汉字总数将累计到1384字！其中学习过程始终贯穿文字与语法的教学。 为了贯彻教材海外本土化、多认少写、先读后写、水到渠成的教学原则，家庭作业上继续承袭活泼有趣的模式，采用和课文配套的练习，含有课文朗读、写字示范、生字和词汇的练习游戏，让学生们在自由、开放和趣味中，快乐地完成作业，充分达到中文的听、说、读、写能力提高的学习效果。教材采用"马立平教材中文四年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业和彩色字卡的练习册A、B两册，以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用为$60 - $65 (请自行查询教材价格)，不包在学费之内，家长负责自行购买教材。网上购买可到此网站：http://www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 4 (斯坦福中文马立平教材4年级). Class description: The fourth year of the Ma Li Ping Chinese Text Book is a continuation from the first three years of direct character recognition (with the focus of character recognition in years 1 and 2 and pinyin added in year 3) and an important advancement stage in learning the Chinese language. In this course, both the instructional materials and the instructional strategies focus on meeting the needs of heritage learners by adopting texts and additional reading materials that supplement each other in many ways, which is reflected by having every lesson consist of multiple fun and famous stories that reflect the Chinese history and culture helping to reach the goals of learning the language and culture at the same time. The fourth year will continue to focus on character recognition and reading instruction to help students enlarge their vocabulary for a solid foundation to write Chinese compositions at the next step. Upon completion of four years of learning, students will have learned/ accumulated a total number of 1384 Chinese characters, in which literacy and grammar instruction is an important part. Furthermore, in order to follow the integral instructional principles to use localized instructional materials, to recognize more than writing, to read before writing, homework assignments will continue to follow the lively and fun format, in which students will have the multimedia to help them read aloud each text, see writing demos, play games with new words and vocabulary so that they will enjoy working on the homework in a free, open and fun atmosphere to achieve the goals of improving abilities in listening, speaking , reading and writing Chinese. The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese 4th Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee $60 -65 ( please check and confirm the current price) is not included in the tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com.
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 5 (斯坦福中文马立平教材5年级)。课程说明：前面1至4年级以认字和阅读为主的教学让学生掌握了大量的汉字语汇、文字与语法以及汉语拼音的识读，马立平教材五年级的中文学习是一个十分重要的学习与运用的过渡衔接阶段。五年级教材在三年级学习汉语拼音的基础上，进一步复习和区别汉语拼音的特点，并且重点放在学会用拼音在电脑上输入汉字；同时学会如何通过拼音检字法、部首检字法和笔画检字法来查字典，为深入和方便地学习中文掌握一项必备的工具功能。学以致用的教学目的更大幅度地表现在教材的编写上 - 改写的《西游记》20回本作为五年级课文的4个单元内容。不仅使学生们接触到中国古典文学代表作《西游记》趣味横生的简易版，了解中国文学和历史，而且从中学习到精彩的语言文化和生动的描述技巧，为六年级以写作教学为主搭建一个承上启下的过渡桥梁。学习完五年级教材，听、说、读、写的基础业已奠定。教材采用"马立平教材中文五年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业和彩色字卡的练习册A、B两册，以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用为$60 - $65 (请自行查询教材价格)，不包在学费之内，家长负责自行购买教材。网上购买可到此网站：http://www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 5 (斯坦福中文马立平教材5年级). Class description: The Fifth Year of the Ma Li Ping Chinese Textbook presents an important transitional stage from the first four years of direct character recognition and reading with Pinyin introduced in the third year. During this transitional period, the fifth year course offers students an opportunity to develop their basic reading skills to a higher level of application. On the basis of Pinyin knowledge learned in the third year, students will review and distinguish characteristics of the Pinyin system with an emphasis on computer inputting for Chinese characters using the Pinyin system; meanwhile they will learn how to use a Chinese dictionary by using Pinyin, radical/component, and stroke indexing, in order to develop skills needed in using a convenient tool to study Chinese at a higher level. The structure of the textbook demonstrates the goals for using the language at a higher level and in a wider range, e.g. Unit Four of the textbook includes an adapted version of Chapter 20 in the classical Chinese novel "The Journey to the West". This not only provides an opportunity for students to be exposed to a masterpiece of the classical Chinese literature in an interesting form of the adapted version to learn about the Chinese literature and history, they also learn the brilliant language and culture as well as some dramatic describing techniques, which will help to lay a solid foundation in creative writing skills needed as a transition to the Sixth Grade when creative writing will be the major focus. Upon completion of the fifth year of learning of this series, students should have set up a basic foundation in listening, speaking, reading and writing Chinese.The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese the 5th Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 6 (斯坦福中文马立平教材6年级)。课程说明：在1- 4年级以认字和阅读为主的教学让学生掌握了大量的汉字语汇 、5年级教学以改写的《西游记》里有趣的描写、 叙事故事作为中文语言积累的过渡之后，我们六年级的教学则是以写作教学为主，学习如何用中文来状物、 叙事、写人。六年级教材第一单元词汇用语生动活泼的小相声和融合中国典故和现 代童话故事为一体的有趣系列课文，加强学生们对人物、 事情描写的体会，同时了解一些中国文化；第二和第三单元分别用" 马老师讲作文"八讲的形式，结合每一讲的写作要点配辑的相应的作文范文，系统地重点教授写作各方面的技巧。六年级的学习不仅使学生们在用中文写作上起步， 而且能力上得到极大提高，有着重要的学以致用的收获。教材采用"马立平教材中文六年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业的练习册A、B两册， 以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用为$60 - $65 (请自行查询教材价格)，不包在学费之内， 家长负责自行购买教材。网上购买可到此网站：http://www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 6 (斯坦福中文马立平教材6年级). Class description: With the basis established during previous years of study in basic Chinese language vocabulary building (grades 1-4) and reading skills building (grade 5) through reading a variety of literary selections including an adapted version of the classical Chinese novel "The Journey to the West", the student should have experienced reading descriptive works. The focus in the 6th grade will be to develop student's writing skills, especially in descriptive writing. Texts in Unit One integrates classical Chinese folktales and modern Children's stories in forms of cross-talk and story-telling to help students understand how to effectively describe things and characters in a story. Those folktales and stories will also provide students opportunities to learn about the Chinese culture. Texts in Units Two and Three will present a series of lessons on writing skills in the form of 'Teacher Ma Talks about Writing' in eight different lessons. Each lesson will include a writing sample that correlates the specific writing skills addressed. Those lessons with writing samples are designed to systematically address writing skills. It is our hope that studies in the 6th grade will not only improve each student's writing skills, but will also greatly improve their skills in using the language in general so that they can better use the Chinese language in everyday life. The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese the 6th Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com.
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 7 (斯坦福中文马立平教材7年级)。课程说明：在六年级开始学习写作知识教学的基础上，斯坦福中文七年级的教学 继续以写作教学和阅读精选文学作品为教学重点，除了学习如何做好 作文题目、主题、开头、正文和结尾的各个组成部分，第一第二单元继续用" 马老师讲作文" 共八讲的形式，进一步学习怎样通过写作情节、立意、想像、语言对 话、表情、动作、外貌描写等具体写作技巧来刻劃人物的个性和特点 。在学期的第三单元 进行《神游中国》的学习，通过浅显的文字和精美的彩图，让学生直 观感受中国自然景观的美丽和人文景观的魅力，同时获得中国历史和 文化的知识背景。七年级教材的教学主线，能够使学生们的 中文写作能力得到充分的提升，同时认识中国文化中?天人合一?的 概念。斯坦福中文七年级是一个相当有价值的学习经验。教材采用"马立平教材中文七年级"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业的练习册 A、B两册， 以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用约为$60~$65 (请自行查询教材价格)，不包在学费之内，家长负责自行购买教材。网上购买可到此网站：http://www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 7 (斯坦福中文马立平教材7年级). Class description: With the basic writing knowledge and skills obtained in the 6th grade study, the focus in the 7th grade will continue to be writing skills and intensive reading of selected literary works. Besides working on each writing component such as selecting appropriate topics, themes, beginning, middle and end, Units I and II will continue to present a series of lessons on writing skills in the form of 'Teacher Ma Talks about Writing' in eight different lessons. In these series of lessons, students will have a further study in how to describe the personality and specific features of a character in a writing through applying techniques such as creating a plot, establishing a theme, using imagination, using dialogues, and describing facial expressions and physical actions as well as appearance, etc. Unit III is a unit about visiting China. Through reading simplified descriptions illustrated with beautiful pictures, students will get a direct feeling of the charm of beautiful natural sceneries and places of historical figures and cultural heritage in China. This will provide students with opportunities to learn about Chinese history and background knowledge of the Chinese culture. In a word, the main theme of the textbook for the 7th grade will provide students with opportunities to progress to a solid higher level in writing skills in Chinese. They will also get to know the concept of "the theory that man is an integral part of nature". The 7th grade of this textbook series is a rather valuable learning experience for students.The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese the 7th Grade" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com .
课程名称：Stanford Chinese 8 (斯坦福中文马立平教材8年级)。课程说明：新开设的斯坦福中文八年级幸运地启用今年刚改版的马立平新八年级教材。这个新八年级教材是马立平老师为了因应美国学制的安排，希望学生们能在美国学校九年级时，就能完成马立平整套教材的中文学习，而将原来八、九年级的教材经过精心的舍取，将两本教材压缩为一本， 可谓是精华中的精华 -学生可以在一年内学完原来两年的文化内容。马立平新八年级( 8 +9年级)教材《中华文化之窗》(第22册-- 24册)，为中国文学和文化巡礼阶段一共 有24 课，分为励志篇，诗画篇，人物篇三个单元。在这一阶段，学生将学习中国文学知识和文学欣赏，学习中国传统文化和思想的精华。通过多种文体（论语，古诗，民歌，散文，以及民间传说等形式）来介绍中国的文化，透过整本教材的学习，学生们可以了解中国的历史、地理、文化知识以及有代表的文学家和著名人物，了解中国思想和文学的渊源。尤其每课的课后阅读材料， 针对当周所学习的课文，从深度和广度上进一步强化了学生的了解；许多课后的阅读散文， 富含人生哲理， 寓教于乐。 教材内容丰富、信息量大、词汇量大、阅读知识面广。通过对斯坦福中文八年级的精致的教材学习，完全可以达到极大地巩固和提高学生听、说、读、写的全面能力，提高学生的汉语水平的学习目的。教材采用"马立平教材中文新八年级(中华文化之窗)"和每课配有多媒体家庭作业的练习册 A、B两册， 以及一本供暑期继续复习的练习作业本。教材费用约为$60~$65 (请自行查询教材价格)，不包在学费之内，家长负责自行购买教材。网上购买可到此网站：http://www.heritagechinese.com。
Class name: Stanford Chinese 8 (斯坦福中文马立平教材8年级). Class description: For our newly established 8th grade Stanford Chinese course, we feel fortunate to have the newly (2019) revised version of this textbook series. This new version of the textbook for the 8th grade was re-organized by the author through combining carefully selected contents/lessons from the previous version of the textbook for 8th and 9th grades. Those changes were made to meet the US school system so that students will be able to complete studying the whole series by the time they enter the 9th grade, thus the current version of the textbook is the best from the best and enables our students to spend one year to complete studying the contents that were previously planned for two years. This new textbook for the 8th graders entitled "The Window of Chinese Cultures" (Volumes 22 to 24), provides the stage of learning of literature and cultures, which is divided into three units: Inspirations, Poems & Paintings, and Historical Figures. At this stage of learning, students will have opportunities to learn about Chinese literature and learn how to appreciate selected masterpieces of the Chinese literature, which will enable them to learn about the essence of traditional Chinese culture and thoughts. There will be various genres in Chinese literature (Confucius Analects, ancient poems, folk songs, prose, as well as in form of folk tales) in introducing the Chinese culture. Study of this textbook will enable students to learn about the sources of the Chinese literature and thoughts through the study of Chinese history, geography, cultural knowledge, as well as selected literati/authors and famous historical figures. Supplementary readings following each lesson will provide students with a wider and deeper understanding of what was learned in the text during the week. Many of the supplementary reading materials are in the form of prose rich in life wisdoms and philosophy, which is both entertaining and informative for learning. The textbook is rich in content and informative with a large vocabulary and a wide range of knowledge for reading. Through a careful study of this set of the textbook, students will be given an opportunity to better reach the goals of learning the Chinese language through strengthening and raising the overall ability in listening, speaking, reading, and writing the language. The textbooks are "Ma Li Ping Chinese the 8th Grade (The Window of Chinese Cultures)" and two workbooks A and B with multimedia homework and color flashcards for each lesson, as well as a practice workbook for continued review in the summer. Textbook material fee ($60 -65, please check the price) excluded from tuition fee. Families are responsible for acquiring the necessary textbooks/workbooks on their own. You may also buy the books yourself at www.heritagechinese.com.
课程名称：None。课程说明：高中学分班 / AP 备考
Class name: None. Class description: High School Chinese AP
课程名称：Prep Course for High School Chinese III (高中学分班预备班)。课程说明：先修课程要求：已通过“高中分班预备班”（高中学分班预备班 III）或已通过分级考试，证明已充分准备并达到同等语言水平本高中学分班预备班是为准备修读高中学分班的学生专门设计的，因为目前本校开设的学分班从第三级开始，本预备班则帮助有需要的（有一定中文背景的）学生达到进入高中学分班第三级的学习能力和基本技能。本课程不提供高中学分，每周三个小时，力求经过一年的准备经过考试可以进入中文第三级的学习。高中学分班是为在校的高中学生而设计的，以满足他们对学习中文的兴趣并满足 UC 和 CSU 的 "e" (World Language) 学分要求。现在我们有三个程度：上述三门课程均已获WASC 学分认证并已获准为 Pleasanton 学区承认的高中学分班。通过学习，学生可以拿到高中外语学分，以满足其高中对外语学分的要求。 我们选用的教科书 "Integrated Chinese" 是目前 UC Berkeley和其它大学使用了十年的成熟教材。这个课程可让学生熟悉了解正规的中文学习系统。该教材以学生在校生活及现实生活为主线， 注重语言的实用性，让学生真正能在中文的语言环境中适应并运用所学内容。它以口语对话为主要学习形式，通过听说读写几个方面的系统训练，并以适合高年级学生理解的形式对中国文化及社会进行多方面的介绍和学习，使学生能为今后进一步的学习打下坚实的基础。 该课程完全按照加州对高中学生的要求设置，还有 projects 和 lab 等等。每学年 2 个学期。 学绩按 A、B、C、... 打分。入学要求：凡具有家庭中文语言背景的，并参加过某种正式或非正式的中文学习但是程度还不够进入中文三的高中同学都可以报名。请各位家长自行购买教材 (www.amazon.com 或 www.cheng-tsui.com) 。家长也可以在注册时加订课程教材，数量有限，订完为止。
Class name: Prep Course for High School Chinese III (高中学分班预备班). Class description: Pre-requisite： With home language background in Chinese and some Chinese language study but not yet ready to enter Chinese III This Prep Course for High School Chinese credit course is designed to prepare students with some Chinese language background who need the preparation to enter the High School Chinese Program. The current High School Chinese Program starts from Level III, for which this course is to prepare those students who are NOT YET ready to go to Level III to get the language skills and proficiency needed to enter Level III of the High School Chinese Program. This course lasts for three hours each week and does not offer credits due to its nature as a prep course. Students who successfully completed this prep course with a grade of C or higher will be recommended to Chinese III for the next school year without taking the placement test. The High School Chinese Program is designed for high school students who are interested in Chinese and want to meet UC and CSU 'e' (World Language) requirements. Currently, we have three levels: Chinese III, IV and AP. These classes have been accredited by The Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and are approved to be placed on Pleasanton Unified School District transcript in order to meet UC/CSU "e" requirements. By taking these classes, a student can earn his/her high school credit and meet the (e) requirements of the UC/CSU category of language other than English. The textbook for these courses is 'Integrated Chinese', which has been used as the teaching material by UC Berkeley and other colleges for more than 10 years. The program focuses on Chinese language learning as a system. The textbook uses real-life examples as the main teaching material, enabling students to position themselves in a real Chinese language environment. In the textbook, each lesson starts with a real-life conversation, plus extensive practice through listening, speaking, reading, and writing. The materials are selected in order for a good understanding of Chinese history and culture to provide a better fit for high school learners. The program is created in accordance with California high school course requirements, including classroom hours, projects, and labs. There are two semesters per school year. A letter grade system (A, B, C,) will be used. Students who are already in high school or entering high school in Fall 2021 are welcome to enroll in our High School classes through a placement test for proper placements into the Program. In order to properly place each student, there will be a placement test for new students who want to take High School III, IV, or AP level. As it is a placement test to determine a student's actual level, students will not need to prepare for this test. Please note that the cost of the textbook and workbook is not included in the tuition. You may purchase the books yourself at www.amazon.com or www.cheng-tsui.com. Alternatively, you can add textbooks during class registration, while supplies last and on a first-come, first-served basis.
课程名称：None。课程说明：
Class name: None. Class description:
课程名称：Chinese AP Prep (中文 AP考试备考班)。课程说明："中文 AP考试备考班" 是为帮助高中生参加中文 AP 考试而设计的。此课程完全按照 College Board 对中文 AP 的要求而设置。学完此课程后，学生将有能力参加中文 AP 的考试。本课程把学习语言和文化通过听、说、读、写这四种方式融合在一起，并针对 AP 考试进行多次模拟测试。该课教材选用《攀登》做为主教材，同时针对 AP 的难度和广度，有意识地增加有关中国传统文化常识的阅读；并尽可能地扩展学生在现代汉语方面的阅读面；同时根据学生在中文写作方面弱点和缺陷，加强写作技巧的训练；另外针对 AP 口语的要求，强化学生的口头表述及综合能力。每堂课都按照 College Board 的 5C (Communication, Culture, Connections, Comparisons, and Communities) 和三个交流模式 (Interpersonal, Interpretive, and Presentational) 的要求而进行。本课程全部用中文教授。请各位家长自行购买教材 (www.amazon.com 或 ngl.cengage.com) 。家长也可以在注册时加订课程教材，数量有限，订完为止。
Class name: Chinese AP Prep (中文 AP考试备考班). Class description: "Chinese CAP" is designed to help high school students take the AP Chinese test and learn how to appreciate classical and modern Chinese language and culture. The course is prepared according to the AP Chinese test guidelines established by the College Board. Through integrated teaching of the language and culture, the class emphasizes listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills. AP Chinese tests are available for students to practice the skills that they have learned. The materials for this course are excerpted from the textbook "Step Up to AP" and tailored to meet the requirements for the AP Chinese test. To better prepare students for the AP Chinese exam, this course intentionally adds readings about traditional Chinese culture, broadens the reading of modern Chinese literature and current issues, and improves students' written and oral presentation skills. All lessons are designed to follow 5C's (Communication, Culture, Connections, Comparisons, and Communities) and the three modes of communication (Interpersonal, Interpretive, and Presentational) to meet the requirements by the College Board. The entire class will be taught in Chinese. After completing this course, students should acquire the skills and the knowledge necessary to do well on the AP Chinese exam. This course is intended for students who have completed our High School Chinese III, or equivalent. Please note that the cost of the textbook and workbook is not included in the tuition. You may purchase the books yourself at www.amazon.com or ngl.cengage.com. Alternatively, you can add textbooks during class registration, while supplies last and on a first-come, first-served basis. Please note this is a two-hour course without high school credit.
课程名称：High School Chinese III (高中学分班 III)。课程说明：先修课程要求：通过“高中分班预备班”（高中中文三）或参加分级考试，证明已做好充分准备，达到同等语言能力水平高中学分班 是为在校的高中学生而设计的，以满足他们对学习中文的兴趣并满足UC和CSU的 "e" 类课程 (外语)学分要求。目前我们开设三个程度的高中学分班：即中文三、四及 AP。上述三门课程均已获 WASC 学分认证并已获准为 Pleasanton 学区承认的高中学分班。通过学习，学生可以拿到学分，以满足其高中阶段对外语学分的要求。我们选用的教科书《中文听说读写》，是目前加州大学各分校和其它大学使用了十年的成熟教材。这个课程可让学生熟悉了解正规的中文学习系统。该教材以学生在校生活及现实生活为主线， 注重语言的实用性， 让学生真正能在中文的语言环境中适应并运用所学内容。它以口语对话为主要学习形式， 通过听说读写几个方面的系统训练， 并以适合高年级学生理解的形式对中国文化及社会进行多方面的介绍和学习，使学生能为今后进一步的学习打下坚实的基础。 该课程完全按照加州对高中学生的要求设置，还有研究报告和其他课外活动等等。每学年2个学期。 学绩按A、B、C、... 打分。在校高中生或在秋季要进入高中的学生都可以参加。具有家庭中文背景并参加过一定的中文学习的同学可以参加分班考试，或者圆满完成了 Prep course for High School Chinese III (高中学分班预备班)学习，成绩为 C 或者 C 以上的同学将被推荐进入中文三。其他新入高中学分班的同学可以参加每年春季举行的分班考试，以决定秋季进入合适的班级。入学要求：圆满完成中文高中学分班预备班，成绩为 C 或者 C 以上，或者同等程度（经过分班考试测定）请各位家长自行购买教材 (www.amazon.com 或 www.cheng-tsui.com) 。家长也可以在注册时加订课程教材，数量有限，订完为止。
Class name: High School Chinese III (高中学分班 III). Class description: Pre-requisite: Passing grade in "Prep course for High School Chinese III (高中学分班预备班)" or Placement test showing adequate preparations at equivalent language proficiency level. The High School Program is designed for high school students who are interested in Chinese and want to meet UC and CSU 'e' (World Language) requirements. Currently we have three levels: Chinese III, IV and AP. These classes have been accredited by The Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and are approved to be placed on Pleasanton Unified School District transcript in order to meet UC/CSU "e" requirements. By taking these classes, a student can earn his/her high school credit and meet the (e) requirements of the UC/CSU category of language other than English. The textbook for these courses is 'Integrated Chinese', which has been used as the teaching materials by UC Berkeley and other colleges for more than 10 years. The program focuses on Chinese language learning as a system. The textbook uses real-life examples as the main teaching material, enabling students to position themselves into a real Chinese language environment. In the textbook, each lesson starts with a real life conversation, plus extensive practice through listening, speaking, reading and writing. The materials are selected in order for a good understanding of Chinese history and culture to provide a better fit for high school learners. The program is created in accordance with California high school course requirements, including classroom hours, projects and labs hours. There are two semesters per school year. A letter grade system (A, B, C,...) will be used. Students who are already in high school or entering high school in the fall semester are welcome to enroll in our High School Chinese classes. Pre-requisite：successful completion of Prep course for High School Chinese III with a grade C or above, or equivalent (with placement test). For students who are entering our high school program as a new student will be asked to take a placement test, which is usually given in the spring semester each year. Please note that the cost of the textbook and workbook is not included in the tuition. You may purchase the books yourself at www.amazon.com or www.cheng-tsui.com. Alternatively, you can add textbooks during class registration, while supplies last and on a first-come, first-served basis.
课程名称：High School Chinese IV (高中学分班 IV)。课程说明：先修课程要求：已通过“高中分班预备班”（高中学分班预备班 III）或已通过分级考试，证明已充分准备并达到同等语言水平高中学分班 是为在校的高中学生而设计的，以满足他们对学习中文的兴趣并满足UC和CSU的 "e" 类课程 (外语)学分要求。目前我们开设三个程度的高中学分班：即中文三、四及AP。上述三门课程均已获 WASC 学分认证并已获准为 Pleasanton 学区承认的高中学分班。通过学习，学生可以拿到学分，以满足其高中阶段对外语学分的要求。我们选用的教科书《中文听说读写》，是目前加州大学各分校和其它大学使用了十年的成熟教材。这个课程可让学生熟悉了解正规的中文学习系统。该教材以学生在校生活及现实生活为主线，注重语言的实用性，让学生真正能在中文的语言环境中适应并运用所学内容。 它以口语对话为主要学习形式，通过听说读写几个方面的系统训练，并以适合高年级学生理解的形式对中国文化及社会进行多方面的介绍和学习，使学生能为今后进一步的学习打下坚实的基础。 该课程完全按照加州对高中学生的要求设置，还有研究报告和其他课外活动等等。每学年2个学期。 学绩按A、B、C、... 打分。 在校高中生或在秋季要进入高中的学生都可以参加。没有中文背景的同学可以直接注册中文一班，圆满完成中文三的同学将被推荐进入中文四。其他新入高中学分班的同学可以参加每年春季举行的分班考试，以决定秋季进入合适的班级。入学要求：圆满完成中文三，成绩为 C 或者 C 以上，或者同等程度（通过分班考试）请各位家长自行购买教材 (www.amazon.com 或 www.cheng-tsui.com) 。家长也可以在注册时加订课程教材，数量有限，订完为止。
Class name: High School Chinese IV (高中学分班 IV). Class description: Pre-requisite: Passing grade in "Prep course for High School Chinese III (高中学分班预备班)" or Placement test showing adequate preparations at equivalent language proficiency level The High School Program is designed for high school students who are interested in Chinese and want to meet UC and CSU 'e' (World Language) requirement. Currently we have three levels:  Chinese III, IV and AP. These classes have been accredited by The Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and are approved to be placed on Pleasanton Unified School District transcript in order to meet UC/CSU "e" requirements. By taking these classes, a student can earn his/her high school credit and meet the (e) requirements of the UC/CSU category of language other than English. The textbook for these courses is 'Integrated Chinese', which has been used as the teaching materials by UC Berkeley and other colleges for more than 10 years. The program focuses on Chinese language learning as a system. The textbook uses real-life examples as the main teaching material, enabling students to position themselves into a real Chinese language environment. In the textbook, each lesson starts with a real life conversation, plus extensive practice through listening, speaking, reading and writing. The materials are selected in order for a good understanding of Chinese history and culture to provide a better fit for high school learners. The program is created in accordance with California high school course requirements, including classroom hours, projects and labs hours. There are two semesters per school year. A letter grade system (A, B, C,...) will be used. Students who are already in high school or entering high school in the fall semester are welcome to enroll in our High School Chinese classes; Students who have successfully completed Chinese III will be recommendation for Chinese IV. Pre-requisite：successful completion of Chinese III with a grade C or above, or equivalent (with a placement test). For students who are entering our high school program as a new student will be asked to take a placement test, which is usually given in the spring semester each year. Please note that the cost of the textbook and workbook is not included in the tuition. You may purchase the books yourself at www.amazon.com or www.cheng-tsui.com. Alternatively, you can add textbooks during class registration, while supplies last and on a first-come, first-served basis.
课程名称：High School Chinese AP (高中学分班 AP)。课程说明：先修课程要求：通过高中中文四级考试或分级考试，证明已做好充分准备，达到同等语言水平AP 中文高中学分班 是为在校的高中学生而设计的,以满足他们对学习中文的兴趣并满足 UC 和 CSU 的 "e" 类课程 (外语)学分要求。目前我们开设三个程度的高中学分班：即中文三、四及 AP。上述三门课程均已获 WASC 学分认证并已获准为 Pleasanton 学区承认的高中学分班。通过学习，学生可以拿到学分，以满足其高中阶段对外语学分的要求。此课程完全按照 College Board 对中文 AP 的要求而设置。学完此课程后，学生将有能力参加中文 AP 的考试。本课程把学习语言和文化通过听、说、读、写这四种方式融合在一起，并针对 AP 考试进行多次模拟测试。我们选用的教科书是《攀登》, 针对 AP 的难度和广度，有意识地增加有关中国传统文化常识的阅读；并尽可能地扩展学生在现代汉语方面的阅读面；同时根据学生在中文写作方面弱点和缺陷，加强写作技巧的训练；另外针对 AP 口语的要求，强化学生的口头表述及综合能力。每堂课都按照 College Board 的 5C (Communication, Culture, Connections, Comparisons, and Communities) 和三个交流模式 (Interpersonal, Interpretive, and Presentational) 的要求而进行。本课程全部用中文教授。学生成绩按 A、B、C、... 打分。凡完成本校高中学分课程中文四的学生都有资格报名。其它同学必须参加程度分班考试，以确定是否有必备的学习能力和足够的中文知识完成本科目的学习。 因受条件限制，本校不提供 AP 考试的场地，所以每位注册的同学，为了参加五月举行的 AP 中文考试，必须自行回到各自注册的高中进行 AP 中文考试的注册。请各位家长自行购买教材 (www.amazon.com 或 ngl.cengage.com) 。家长也可以在注册时加订课程教材，数量有限，订完为止。
Class name: High School Chinese AP (高中学分班 AP). Class description: Pre-requisite: Passing grade in High School Chinese IV or Placement test showing adequate preparations at equivalent language proficiency level The High School Program is designed for high school students who are interested in Chinese and want to meet UC and CSU 'e' (World Language) requirement. Currently we have three levels: Chinese III, IV and AP. These classes have been accredited by The Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC) and are approved to be placed on Pleasanton Unified School District transcript in order to meet UC/CSU "e" requirements. By taking these classes, a student can earn his/her high school credit and meet the (e) requirements of the UC/CSU category of language other than English. The course is prepared according to the AP Chinese test guidelines established by the College Board. Through integrated teaching of the language and culture, the class emphasizes listening, speaking, reading, and writing skills. To better prepare students for the AP Chinese Language and Culture exam, we have chosen the textbook for these courses 'Step Up to AP: Chinese Language, Culture, and Society'. This course intentionally adds readings about traditional Chinese culture, broadens the reading of modern Chinese literature and current issues, and improves students' written and oral presentation skills. All lessons are designed to follow 5C's (Communication, Culture, Connections, Comparisons, and Communities) and the three modes of communication (Interpersonal, Interpretive, and Presentational) in order to meet the requirements by the College Board. The entire class will be taught in Chinese. After completing this course, students should acquire the skills and the knowledge necessary to do well on the AP Chinese Language and Culture Exam. The program is created in accordance with California high school course requirements, including classroom hours, projects and labs hours. There are two semesters per school year. A letter grade system (A, B, C,...) will be used. Students who are already in high school or entering high school in fall semester are welcome to enroll in our High School classes. In order to properly place each student, there will be a placement test for new students who want to take High School III, IV or AP. Please note: Due to limited access to facilities at CACC Chinese School, we do not provide assistance in registering for the AP Chinese Language and Culture Exam in May of each year. Each student is expected to return to the high school where he or she is enrolled to seek assistance in obtaining a spot for the AP Chinese Language and Culture Exam. Please note that the cost of the textbook and workbook is not included in the tuition. You may purchase the books yourself at www.amazon.com or ngl.cengage.com. Alternatively, you can add textbooks during class registration, while supplies last and on a first-come, first-served basis.
课程名称：Tennis Beginner (网球初级班)。课程说明：课程目标：本课程专为零基础或初学者设计，旨在帮助学生掌握网球的基本技巧和规则，培养良好的运动习惯与团队合作精神。课程内容：网球基本动作： 发球、接球、正手击球、反手击球、基础步伐与站位训练学生将按照年龄和技术水平分成小组进行简单的实战练习与小型比赛课程将用英文教授
Class name: Tennis Beginner (网球初级班). Class description: Course Objectives: This course is designed for beginners or students with no prior experience. It aims to help students learn basic tennis techniques and rules while developing good exercise habits and teamwork skills. Course Content: Fundamental techniques: serving, receiving, forehand, and basic footwork and court positioning Simple practice drills and mini-games The classes will be taught in English.
课程名称：Tennis Intermediate (网球中级班)。课程说明：课程目标：本课程旨在提升学生的网球技术水平，增强比赛实战能力，进一步理解和运用网球规则与战术。学生将根据年龄和技能水平分组。课程将侧重于培养正确的技术和对打技巧。课程将以英语授课。
Class name: Tennis Intermediate (网球中级班). Class description: Course Objectives: This course is designed to improve students' tennis skills, enhance their competitive play abilities, and deepen their understanding and application of tennis rules and strategies. Students will be broken into groups based on age and skill level. Classes will focus on developing proper technique and rally skills. The classes will be taught in English.
课程名称：Tennis Advanced (网球提高班)。课程说明：本课程仅面向11岁及以上的高级球员。本课程将侧重于高级技术和比赛技巧。本课程非常适合希望提高高中、初中或美国网球协会（USTA）锦标赛水平的学生。本课程不适合高水平球员或高强度训练。课程将以英语授课。
Class name: Tennis Advanced (网球提高班). Class description: This class is for advanced players only, ages 11 and up This class will focus on advanced technique and match play skills. This class is ideal for students looking to improve for high school, middle school or USTA tournaments. The program is not designed for high level players or intense training. The classes will be taught in English.
课程名称：Children Badminton Beginner (少儿羽毛球初级班)。课程说明：本课程非常适合羽毛球新手或经验不足一年的儿童。小球员将在充满乐趣和支持的环境中学习羽毛球运动的基础知识。他们将学习正确的握拍姿势和挥拍技巧，包括发球、高远球、吊球、抽球和扣杀动作，并掌握必要的脚步动作，以便在球场上高效移动。此外，学生还将学习单打和双打的规则和基本策略。无论他们是第一次拿起球拍，还是刚刚开始学习，本课程都能帮助他们建立自信，提升技能，享受羽毛球运动的乐趣。中文学校的学年课程安排总共为31周课，但在5月份学期结束前，Amador 高中的大体育馆有可能被征用进行其他活动，羽毛球课也会受到停课2天的影响。如果确实不能上课， 我们会提前通知您。在学费上，中文学校已经为此做过预先调整。
Class name: Children Badminton Beginner (少儿羽毛球初级班). Class description: This class is perfect for kids who are brand new to badminton or have less than one year of experience. Young players will be introduced to the fundamentals of the game in a fun and supportive environment. They will learn proper grip and swing techniques to build a strong foundation, along with essential footwork to move efficiently on the court. Students will also be introduced to the rules and basic strategies of both singles and doubles play. Whether they’re picking up a racket for the first time or just getting started, this class will help them develop confidence and skills to enjoy the game of badminton. According to the Chinese School’s full academic year schedule, there are a total of 31 sessions planned course. However, on the last Sundays of the school year, the large gym at Amador High School may be reserved for other events, which could result in the cancellation of two badminton sessions. We will notify you in advance if this occurs. Tuition fees have already been adjusted to account for this possibility.
课程名称：Children Badminton Intermediate (少儿羽毛球中级班)。课程说明：中级课程专为已在CACC参加过1-2年初级课程的学员设计，旨在帮助学员巩固基础技能，提升球技。学员应已初步了解基本技术，并能够进行各种击球，包括发球、高远球、吊球、抽球和扣杀。在本课程中，学员将继续精进技术，提高稳定性，并提升击球控制能力。他们还将系统化地训练单打和双打比赛，提升战术理解和球场意识。本课程非常适合准备将羽毛球技能提升到更高水平的年轻运动员，教练将根据学生的水平分组练习、因材施教，使学生们得到最大可能性的提高。中文学校的学年课程安排总共为31周课，但在5月份学期结束前，Amador 高中的大体育馆有可能被征用进行其他活动，羽毛球课也会受到停课2天的影响。如果确实不能上课， 我们会提前通知您。在学费上，中文学校已经为此做过预先调整。
Class name: Children Badminton Intermediate (少儿羽毛球中级班). Class description: Designed for kids who have taken 1–2 group lessons at CACC, this intermediate class helps players build on their foundational skills and advance their game. Students should already be familiar with basic techniques and be able to perform a variety of shots, including serve, clear, lift, drop, drive, and smash. In this class, players will continue refining their technique, improving consistency, and developing better shot control. They’ll also enhance their tactical understanding and court awareness through structured drills and match play in both singles and doubles formats. This class is ideal for young athletes ready to take their badminton skills to the next level. Coaches will group students based on skill level and provide personalized instruction to ensure each player receives the guidance they need to reach their full potential. According to the Chinese School’s full academic year schedule, there are a total of 31 sessions planned course. However, on the last Sundays of the school year, the large gym at Amador High School may be reserved for other events, which could result in the cancellation of two badminton sessions. We will notify you in advance if this occurs. Tuition fees have already been adjusted to account for this possibility.
课程名称：About Children's Drawing。课程说明：儿童绘画课教学目标培养孩子对艺术的兴趣并激发创造力学习基础的绘画技巧和艺术表达能力了解视觉艺术的构成元素（如线条、形状、色彩、空间等）发展观察能力、动手能力，提高审审美能力
Class name: About Children's Drawing. Class description: Children’s Drawing Class Teaching Objectives Inspire artistic interest and creativity Encourage children to enjoy the process of making art while exploring their imagination. Build foundational drawing skills Develop control, technique, and confidence in using various drawing tools and materials. Understand key elements of art Introduce essential concepts such as color mixing, form, space, texture, and composition. Enhance observation and aesthetic awareness Strengthen students’ ability to observe details, appreciate visual beauty, and express themselves through hands-on projects.
课程名称：Drawing I (绘画 I 级)。课程说明：课程名称：主题。课程说明：课程名称：教学内容。课程说明：课程名称：活动设计。课程说明：课程名称：Subject。课程说明：课程名称：Focus。课程说明：课程名称：Design。课程说明：儿童绘画初级班（5–8岁）年龄特点：手部肌肉正在发育喜欢涂鸦，表达直接，自由随性容易被鲜艳的色彩、可爱的动物、童话故事等吸引教学重点：认知颜色并学习如何搭配色彩了解形状的构成，学习如何描绘出基本形状尝试手工制作 （剪纸、粘贴）教案示例：主题教学内容活动设计小动物基础造型画小动物（猫、狗、兔），剪贴草地背景魔法树创意表现用手掌印制作大树，添加彩纸制作的叶子和果实
Class name: Drawing I (绘画 I 级). Class description: Class name: 主题. Class description: Class name: 教学内容. Class description: Class name: 活动设计. Class description: Class name: Subject. Class description: Class name: Focus. Class description: Class name: Design. Class description: Beginner Class (Ages 5–8) Learning and Growth Patterns at This Age: Developing fine motor skills: Children at this age are still gaining control of their hand movements, making simple drawing and craft activities ideal. Enjoy spontaneous expression: They love doodling and expressing themselves freely. Drawn to bright colors and playful themes: Bold colors, animals, and fairy tale elements easily capture their interest. Instructional Goals： Color recognition and coordination: Learning to identify and combine colors. Basic shapes and drawing: Exploring simple forms and how to use them in pictures. Introduction to crafting: Hands-on activities like paper cutting and pasting to develop creativity and motor skills. Lesson Examples： Subject Focus Design Little Animals Basic Shapes Teach children how to draw simple animals like cats, dogs, and rabbits. Complete the scene with a background made from cut-out paper grass. Magic Tree Creative Expression Use handprints to form the trunk and branches of a tree. Add colorful paper leaves and fruits to bring it to life in a fun and imaginative way.
课程名称：Drawing II (绘画 II 级)。课程说明：课程名称：主题。课程说明：课程名称：教学内容。课程说明：课程名称：活动设计。课程说明：课程名称：Subject。课程说明：课程名称：Focus。课程说明：课程名称：Design。课程说明：中级班（8–10岁）年龄特点：手眼协调更好，表达更具目的性有更进一步的观察事物细节的能力对构图和描绘物体细节有兴趣教学重点：基础素描训练学习构图、比例、色彩、明暗初步艺术史启蒙（如梵高、莫奈）教案示例:主题教学内容活动设计静物世界素描基础（轮廓、明暗）画一个苹果和水杯，学习明暗关系梦想的房子透视入门设计并绘制一个理想中的建筑向日葵的故事印象派学习梵高风格，用油画棒画向日葵色彩对话对比色、冷暖色自选两个颜色描绘自我情绪
Class name: Drawing II (绘画 II 级). Class description: Class name: 主题. Class description: Class name: 教学内容. Class description: Class name: 活动设计. Class description: Class name: Subject. Class description: Class name: Focus. Class description: Class name: Design. Class description: Intermediate Class (Ages 8–10) Learning and Growth Patterns at This Age Improved hand-eye coordination: Students begin creating art with more control and purpose. Attention to detail: They start to observe more closely and express ideas with intention. Interest in composition: A growing curiosity about how elements like shape, space, and color work together in a piece. Instructional Goals Foundations of sketching and drawing: Exploring outlines, shading, and pencil techniques. Understanding composition and proportion: Learning how to balance elements within a drawing and use color harmoniously. Art appreciation: Introduction to famous artists such as Van Gogh and Monet to connect technique with historical context. Lesson Examples Subject Focus Design Still Life World Sketching Basics (Outlines & Light/Shadow) Students learn to draw everyday objects like an apple and a glass, practicing contour lines and shading to capture light and depth. Dream House Introduction to Perspective Children design their own dream building while learning one-point perspective, adding depth and dimension to their drawings. The Story of Sunflowers Impressionism Inspired by Van Gogh, students create vibrant sunflower artworks using oil pastels, exploring brushstroke style and expressive color. Color Conversations Color Theory – Complementary & Warm/Cool Colors Using contrasting color pairs, students make abstract artworks that express mood and emotion through color choices.
课程名称：Drawing III (绘画 III 级)。课程说明：课程名称：主题。课程说明：课程名称：教学内容。课程说明：课程名称：活动设计。课程说明：课程名称：Subject。课程说明：课程名称：Focus。课程说明：课程名称：Design。课程说明：高级班（11–13岁）年龄特点：思维更成熟，具备审美评价能力有能力学习基础的美术理论与技法表达更具个性化、风格化，可以根据一个主题表达自我感受。教学重点：深入学习素描，练习色彩根据主题自行构思创作，表达自己的观察、想象、情感等学习基础水彩画、水粉画技法教案示例：主题教学内容活动设计我的自画像人物素描镜子前画自画像，教授五官比例心情的色彩情感表达学习用抽象图形与颜色表达某种情绪水中的倒影水彩技巧学习水彩晕染，描绘物体在湖泊中的倒影
Class name: Drawing III (绘画 III 级). Class description: Class name: 主题. Class description: Class name: 教学内容. Class description: Class name: 活动设计. Class description: Class name: Subject. Class description: Class name: Focus. Class description: Class name: Design. Class description: Advanced Art Class (Ages 11–13) Learning and Growth Patterns at This Age: More mature thinking: Students begin to form personal opinions and develop an ability to evaluate aesthetics. Ready for theory and technique: They can absorb more structured lessons in art fundamentals and artistic methods. Expressive and symbolic work: Art becomes a deeper form of self-expression, often centered around emotion and personal themes. Instructional Goals: Advanced sketching and color practice: Refining techniques in shading, proportion, and color application. Creative thinking and concept development: Encouraging students to plan and create artwork with intentional themes. Exploration of painting techniques: Introducing watercolor and gouache, focusing on blending, texture, and layering. Lesson Examples: Subject Focus Design Character Sketch Portrait Proportion and Observation Students draw self-portraits using mirrors, learning facial proportions and practicing accuracy and shading in their sketches. Emotional Expression Abstract Symbolism Using color, shape, and composition, students create abstract artworks that express a chosen emotion such as joy, fear, or loneliness. Watercolor Techniques Blending and Reflection Students explore basic watercolor techniques—such as wet-on-wet blending and transparency—by painting natural scenes with lakes and reflections.
课程名称：Adult Badminton Lesson (成人羽毛球训练)。课程说明：教练简介：吴欣是一位资深软件工程师，同时也是三谷地区羽毛球圈的活跃人物。他多次组织举办业余羽毛球比赛，并经常热心指导初学者，与大家共同进步。在工作之余，他还担任Dublin High School羽毛球校队的教练，带领校队在2023-2024及2024-2025学年中，于北加州高中校际联盟比赛中荣获前四名的优异成绩。吴教练非常乐于助人，欢迎对羽毛球有兴趣的朋友加入，共同学习、提升球技。助教简介：助教Angelina Wu，自幼在Livermore USBA俱乐部接受专业羽毛球训练，常年参加各类地区性及全国性赛事。她曾多次获得所在年龄组的女子双打冠军、亚军、季军，并在女子单打项目中多次获得前四名佳绩，实战经验丰富。Angelina 将在部分课程中辅助教学和训练。课程内容：羽毛球基础规则与基本动作步伐训练、体能训练与对练技巧双打配合、战术策略与走位训练进攻与防守技巧的应用与练习场地和人数共两片场地用于授课，最多报名8人。本课程旨在帮助学员系统建立羽毛球基础，全面提升实战能力。教练将根据本班学生的实际水平合理安排教学内容，并进行分组练习，确保每位学员都能在适合自己的节奏中稳步进步。学期结束前的两个周日，Amador 高中的大体育馆有可能被征用进行其他活动，羽毛球课也会受到停课2天的影响。如果确实不能上课， 我们会提前通知您。在学费上，中文学校已经为此做过预先调整，所收学费按照29周计算。
Class name: Adult Badminton Lesson (成人羽毛球训练). Class description: Coach Introduction: Xin Wu is a senior software engineer at IBM and a well-known figure in the Tri-Valley badminton community. He has organized numerous adult badminton tournaments and is always eager to help beginners improve their skills. In addition to his professional work, he also serves as the coach for the Dublin High School badminton team. Under his leadership, the team placed in the top four in the Northern California High School League competitions during the 2023–2024 and 2024–2025 school years. Coach Wu is passionate about helping others and welcomes anyone interested in badminton to join and improve together. Assistant Coach Introduction: Angelina Wu, 16 years old, has been receiving professional badminton training at the Livermore USBA Club since early childhood. She regularly competes in regional and national tournaments and has won multiple titles in her age group in girls' doubles, including championships, runner-up, and third-place finishes. She has also placed in the top four in girls' singles events, gaining extensive practical experience. Angelina will assist in teaching and training during selected classes. Course Content: Basic badminton rules and fundamental techniques Footwork training, fitness conditioning, and partner drills Doubles coordination, tactical strategies, and court positioning Application and practice of offensive and defensive techniques The class will be held on two courts, with a maximum enrollment of 8 students. This course is designed to help students build a solid foundation in badminton and improve their practical skills. The coach will tailor the content and group activities based on the students’ skill levels to ensure that everyone progresses steadily at a pace that suits them. On the last Sundays of the school year, the large gym at Amador High School may be reserved for other events, which could result in the cancellation of two badminton sessions. We will notify you in advance if this occurs. Tuition fees have already been adjusted to account for this possibility.
课程名称：Adult Club Badminton (成人娱乐羽毛球)。课程说明：这门课为成人羽毛球娱乐、锻炼提供场地, 学校不提供教练指导。根据中文学校的全学年课程的安排，娱乐羽毛球课总共为31堂课，但在学期结束前的两个周日，Amador 高中的大体育馆有可能被征用进行其他活动，原定的羽毛球课也会受到停课2天的影响。如果确实不能上课， 我们会提前通知您。在学费上，中文学校已经为此做过预先调整，所收学费按照29周计算。
Class name: Adult Club Badminton (成人娱乐羽毛球). Class description: This course provides a space for adults to enjoy recreational badminton and exercise. Please note that no coaching or instruction is provided by the school. According to the Chinese School’s full academic year schedule, there are a total of 31 sessions planned for this recreational badminton course. However, on the last Sundays of the school year, the large gym at Amador High School may be reserved for other events, which could result in the cancellation of two badminton sessions. We will notify you in advance if this occurs. Tuition fees have already been adjusted to account for this possibility.
课程名称：Senior English (老年英语秋季班)。课程说明：本课程旨在帮助老年人满足日常生活场景中的基本沟通需求，比如打招呼、自我介绍、购物、出行、就餐、天气、上网查询、图书馆借书等等，并结合本地区的地理环境、社区公共服务、节日活动等，帮助老人了解美国文化及东湾地区的生活资讯。学员将学习如何用基本的日常英语进行交流，参与情景对话、小组讨论、生活经验分享。
Class name: Senior English (老年英语秋季班). Class description: This course is designed to help seniors meet basic communication needs in daily life, such as greeting, self-introduction, shopping, travel, dinning, weather, internet searching, library borrowing, etc. It also helps them understand American culture and local resources in the East Bay area through the environment, community public services, festival activities, etc. Students will learn how to communicate in basic daily English, participate in situational dialogues, group discussions, and share life experiences.
课程名称：Chinese Calligraphy for Beginners (中国毛笔书法入门秋季班)。课程说明：课程简介书法入门课是一门面向零基础学员开设的基础课程，旨在帮助学员掌握汉字书写的基本笔法、结构规律与审美意识，打下坚实的书法基础。课程内容涵盖楷书基础、笔画书写、偏旁结构、章法布局等，逐步引导学员进入中国书法艺术的世界。书法例子：123456适合人群对书法感兴趣、希望从零开始学习者想提升毛笔字书写能力的学生、家长或书法爱好者寻求提升专注力与审美修养的人士教学内容第一阶段：书法基础知识、执笔方法、坐姿、正确握笔、了解书法工具第二阶段：基本笔画练习（横、竖、撇、捺等）、掌握规范笔法第三阶段：偏旁部首与结构训练、理解字形结构第四阶段：常见字临摹与小作品创作、能够独立书写并排版第五阶段：书法赏析与风格探索、提高审美能力教学形式示范教学作业打卡 + 教师点评临帖练习 + 毛笔/硬笔训练学校统一提供宣纸、毛笔、墨等书法材料。本着服务社区的精神，对于注册了老年英语课的学员，本课程将提供一项特别折扣，请致电 cs@caccusa.org 查询详情，或者在开学后到办公室 Q-215 当面了解情况并办理注册和缴费事宜。任课老师：袁柯
Class name: Chinese Calligraphy for Beginners (中国毛笔书法入门秋季班). Class description: Course Introduction Chinese Calligraphy for Beginners aims to help students master the fundamental stroke techniques, structural principles, and aesthetic appreciation of Chinese character writing, laying a solid foundation in calligraphy. Course content covers the fundamentals of regular script, stroke composition, radical structure, and composition layout, gradually guiding students into the world of Chinese calligraphy. Examples： 1 2 3 4 5 6 Suitability Those interested in calligraphy who wish to learn from scratch Students, parents, or calligraphy enthusiasts who wish to improve their brush calligraphy skills Those seeking to enhance concentration and enhance aesthetic appreciation Course Content Phase 1: Basic calligraphy knowledge, brush holding techniques, sitting posture, correct brush grip, and understanding calligraphy tools Phase 2: Basic stroke practice (horizontal, vertical, left-falling, right-falling, etc.), mastering standard brushstroke techniques Phase 3: Radical and structural training, understanding character structure Phase 4: Copying common characters and creating small works, becoming able to independently write and layout Phase 5: Appreciating calligraphy and exploring styles, improving aesthetic appreciation Teaching Method Demonstration teaching Homework check-in + teacher comments Practice copying + Brush/Hard Pen Training The school provides calligraphy materials such as rice paper, brushes, and ink. In the spirit of community service, a special discount is offered to students who register for the Senior English course. Please call cs@caccusa.org for details, or visit the office in Q-215 after the start of the semester to inquire about the program and complete registration and payment. Teacher: Ke Yuan
课程名称：Senior English (老年英语春季班)。课程说明：本课程旨在帮助老年人满足日常生活场景中的基本沟通需求，比如打招呼、自我介绍、购物、出行、就餐、天气、上网查询、图书馆借书等等，并结合本地区的地理环境、社区公共服务、节日活动等，帮助老人了解美国文化及东湾地区的生活资讯。学员将学习如何用基本的日常英语进行交流，参与情景对话、小组讨论、生活经验分享。
Class name: Senior English (老年英语春季班). Class description: This course is designed to help seniors meet basic communication needs in daily life, such as greeting, self-introduction, shopping, travel, dinning, weather, internet searching, library borrowing, etc. It also helps them understand American culture and local resources in the East Bay area through the environment, community public services, festival activities, etc. Students will learn how to communicate in basic daily English, participate in situational dialogues, group discussions, and share life experiences.
课程名称：Adult Pop Singing (成人流行音乐歌唱班)。课程说明：成人流行音乐歌唱班的课适合于喜欢现代流行歌曲, 卡啦OK, 以及其他相关的歌唱风格的同学朋友进一步提高歌唱的技巧水平。于正千曾在伯克利音乐学院主修歌曲创作，是一位精力充沛的音乐家，擅长保持精力并在广大观众面前提供出色的表演。 热衷于指导和让人们接触不同的音乐风格和表达方式。熟悉录音棚设备和录音程序。 精通各种音乐风格。曾受邀在 2019 年弗里蒙特艺术节上演出，有 20,000 名观众。由弗里蒙特市市长和 Citizens for Better Community 选择，在中央公园为 One World One Community活动表演，与来自海湾的 100 名音乐家一起庆祝我们的多民族社区。同时也是2021年湾区水立方歌唱比赛冠军。
Class name: Adult Pop Singing (成人流行音乐歌唱班). Class description: Majored in songwriting at Berklee College of Music, Gino Yu is an energetic musician skillful in maintaining energy and delivering excellent performances in front of large audiences. Passionate about coaching and exposing people to diverse musical styles and expressions. Knowledgeable about recording studio equipment and recording procedures. Well-versed in various styles of music. Invited to perform at Fremont Festival of Arts 2019 which held 20,000 audiences. Chosen by the Mayor of Fremont and Citizens for Better Community, performed at Central Park for One World One Community event to celebrate our multiethnic community with 100 musicians from the bay. Winner of the 2021 bay area water cube singing competition.
课程名称：Adult Chinese Painting for Beginner (成人国画写意花鸟初学者班)。课程说明：课程介绍本课程专为成人初学者设计，无需任何绘画基础，带您从零开始，走进中国传统绘画的艺术世界。通过系统学习国画中最具代表性的写意花鸟技法，感受笔墨之间的意境之美与文化魅力。课程特色从基础笔法、用墨用色，到构图与意境，逐步掌握各种花卉植物鸟虫等常见题材的表现技艺。课堂将穿插讲解经典名家之作，提升艺术眼光与审美能力。讲解历史典故与文化故事，让您不仅学画，更懂画。小班教学，轻松氛围，循序渐进，既能修身养性，又能陶冶情操。适合人群对中国画感兴趣的成人初学者，特别适合希望在业余时间提升艺术修养、寻找身心放松方式的您。绘画材料我们将统一向学生提供绘画所用宣纸、毛笔、墨、国画颜料。老师介绍韩蓓 1995毕业于上海交通大学工业造型艺术系， 后进修于中国美术学院国画班，从小深受父亲影响热爱艺术，长年致力于美术教育工作，擅长国画工笔花鸟，素描，水彩，油画。韩老师的作品欣赏：https://sites.google.com/view/bellahan/home。
Class name: Adult Chinese Painting for Beginner (成人国画写意花鸟初学者班). Class description: Course Overview This course is specially designed for adult beginners with no prior drawing experience. It offers a step-by-step introduction to the artistic world of traditional Chinese painting. Through a structured study of expressive brush painting (Xieyi) techniques—particularly in flowers and birds—you will experience the beauty of brush and ink, as well as the cultural richness behind the art form. Course Highlights Learn foundational brush techniques, ink and color application, composition, and expression, gradually mastering the depiction of common subjects such as flowers, plants, birds, and insects. Classic masterpieces by renowned artists will be discussed in class to help sharpen your artistic perspective and aesthetic appreciation. Historical anecdotes and cultural stories will be shared to deepen your understanding and connection with each painting. Small class size with a relaxed, supportive atmosphere. The course is designed to be progressive and enjoyable, promoting both inner peace and artistic enrichment. Who Should Attend This course is ideal for adult beginners interested in Chinese painting—especially those looking to enhance their artistic sensibility or find a relaxing and meaningful hobby during their free time. Art Supplies All necessary materials—including Xuan paper, Chinese brushes, ink, and traditional Chinese painting pigments—will be provided. Instructor Bio Ms. Bella Han graduated from the Industrial Design and Arts Department of Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1995. She later continued her studies in traditional Chinese painting at the China Academy of Art. Deeply influenced by her father since childhood, she has long been devoted to art education. Bella specializes in fine brush (Gongbi) flower-and-bird painting, as well as sketching, watercolor, and oil painting. To view her artwork: https://sites.google.com/view/bellahan/home .
课程名称：About Teacher Wang Linghua 王苓华老师。课程说明：以下舞蹈课程由著名舞蹈艺术家王苓华老师执教。王老师从事中国古典民族舞蹈的创作，教学和表演。她长期的教学与舞台表演经验的积累，培育出了一批优秀的青年舞者。她以专业和科学的舞蹈知识，巧妙的运用了中西结合多元化的的舞蹈艺术，从而形成了她在教学上的独特方法。王苓华老师曾是中国舞蹈家协会会员，她以优异的成绩毕业于上海歌剧舞剧院舞蹈专科。曾任上海歌剧舞剧院主要演员。
Class name: About Teacher Wang Linghua 王苓华老师. Class description: The following dance classes are taught by renowned dance artist Linghua Wang. Ms. Wang is engaged in the creation, teaching, and performance of Chinese classical folk dance. Her long-term teaching and stage performance experience has cultivated a group of outstanding young dancers. She has developed a unique teaching method by relying on her professional and scientific dance knowledge and skillful use of diversified dance art that combines Chinese and Western dance. Linghua Wang was a member of the Chinese Dancers Association. She graduated with honors from the Shanghai Opera and Dance Theater majoring in dance. He once served as a principal actor in the Shanghai Opera and Dance Theater.
课程名称：Adult Chinese Dance (成人舞蹈)。课程说明：舞蹈是一门综合性艺术，它与音乐、雕塑、绘画等艺术有紧密的联系，它以优美的形体动作为语言，塑造形象、反映社会生活。学生们在翩翩起舞中，可以达到交流思想、抒发感情，增进友谊，同时在舞台上展现舞者的舞韵和风姿，舞出精彩的人生！教学宗旨和目的是：培养和塑造美的形象和自信的舞者，从而在言谈举止，举手投足都能表现出高雅的气质。课程安排：每年开学的上半年要配合CACC春節晚会的需要來排练不同的舞蹈节目参加演出。演出后学生要加强形体训练的练习，包括: 基本站立姿势，手位脚位练习，气息动作结合练习以及把上把下一系列基本功技巧练习。
Class name: Adult Chinese Dance (成人舞蹈). Class description: Dancing is a comprehensive art, which is closely linked with music, sculpture, painting and other arts. It is graceful body movements as a language which builds up images reflecting the social life. Goals and objectives: training and shaping the image of beauty and self-confidence of the dancers, so that manners and gestures of the dancer can show his or her elegance. Curriculum plan: The first half of the school year will meet the needs of CACC Chinese New Year Gala by preparing and rehearsing different dance programs for the Gala. After the Spring Festival (Chinese New Year) Gala, the course will focus on strengthening physical training, including: basic standing posture, hands position and feet position practice, combined skill exercises in matching breath and action and series of basic skills practice.
课程名称：Basic Skills Training in Dance (舞蹈基本功训练)。课程说明：舞蹈基本功是支撑舞蹈表演技能的核心力量，基本功训练是全方位对身体动感准确性的培养,包括平衡性、韵律感、协调性、节奏感等。在舞蹈表演中，对细节的把握决定了正常演出的水准,如脚趾尖延伸的高度、手指弯曲的弧度、肢体转动时屈身的程度等。只有拥有扎实的舞蹈基本功训练才能运用自己的身体语言去表现美,深刻的刻画塑造优美的、富有性格的舞蹈艺术形象,传达舞蹈作品的感情思想。把握好每一个细节,能够增加舞蹈表现力和魅力。本课程适合18岁以上成年人。请注意：1)11月16日、12月7日、12月14日不上课，学费已做相应调整。如果老师因为特别原因请假，学生将由班长带领自行练习，学校不再聘请代课老师。2) 限于AVHS场地有限，这门课将被安排在有地毯的教室进行，请学员在老师的指导下进行训练。
Class name: Basic Skills Training in Dance (舞蹈基本功训练). Class description: Basic dance skills are the core strength that supports dance performance skills. Basic skills training is to cultivate the accuracy of body movement in an all-round way, including balance, cadence, coordination, rhythm, etc. In dance performances, the grasp of details determines the standard of normal performance, such as the height of the extension of the toe tips, the curvature of the finger bends, the degree of bending when the limbs rotate, etc. Only with solid basic dance skills training can we use our body language to express beauty, deeply portray and create a graceful and characterful dance art image, and convey the emotions and thoughts of dance works. Grasping every detail can increase the expressiveness and charm of dance. This course is suitable for adults aged 18+. Please note： 1） that there will be no classes on November 16, December 7, and December 14. The tuition has been adjusted accordingly. In the event that the instructor needs to take leave due to special circumstances, students will continue their practice under the guidance of the class representative. The school will not provide a substitute teacher during the instructor's absence.2）Due to limited space at AVHS, this class will be held in a carpeted classroom. Students are asked to follow the instructor's guidance during training.
课程名称：The Art of Waist Drum and Red Silk Dance (腰鼓和红绸舞)。课程说明：腰鼓是一种独特的民间大型舞蹈艺术形式，具有2000年以上的历史。独具魅力的腰鼓刚劲奔放的雄浑舞姿，豪迈粗狂的动作变化，锻炼左右手、及左右大脑的协调能力，提高节奏感素质，通过扭、甩、摇等潇洒不凡的动作，了解和掌握打腰鼓的技巧体现内心的喜悦之情，用优美动人的身姿和舞步弘扬中国的传统艺术。《红绸舞》是一种汉族的民间舞蹈，常见于陕北地区的秧歌形式中。这项舞蹈通常使用红绸作为道具，通过红绸的舞动展现舞者的技艺和情感。如火龙飞舞，矫健的舞姿与变幻的“火龙”交相辉映，洋溢着青春活力。本课程适合18岁以上成年人，招收所有性别的学生。请注意：1)11月16日、12月7日、12月14日不上课，学费已做相应调整。如果老师因为特别原因请假，学生将由班长带领自行练习，学校不再聘请代课老师。2) 限于AVHS场地有限，这门课将被安排在有地毯的教室进行，请学员在老师的指导下进行训练。
Class name: The Art of Waist Drum and Red Silk Dance (腰鼓和红绸舞). Class description: Waist drum is a unique folk large-scale dance art form with a history of more than 2,000 years. The unique and charming waist drum's vigorous and unrestrained dance postures and bold and wild movement changes can exercise the coordination ability of the left and right hands and the left and right brains, improve the quality of rhythm, and understand and master the waist drum through twisting, throwing, shaking and other unrestrained and extraordinary movements. The skills and techniques reflect the inner joy, the graceful posture, and dance steps, and then promote traditional Chinese folk art. Red Silk Dance" is a traditional Han Chinese folk dance, commonly seen in the Yangge performances of the northern Shaanxi region. This dance typically uses red silk ribbons as props, with dancers showcasing their skills and emotions through the flowing movements of the silk. The performance resembles a fiery dragon in motion, where the dancers’ agile movements and the ever-changing "fire dragon" create a vibrant display full of youthful energy. This course is suitable for adults aged 18+，recruits students of all genders. Please note: 1)There will be no classes on November 16, December 7, and December 14. The tuition has been adjusted accordingly. In the event that the instructor needs to take leave due to special circumstances, students will continue their practice under the guidance of the class representative. The school will not provide a substitute teacher during the instructor's absence. 2) Due to limited space at AVHS, this class will be held in a carpeted classroom. Students are asked to follow the instructor's guidance during training.
课程名称：About Teacher Li  Guoying 李国英老师。课程说明：任课老师李国英集二十多年的舞蹈教学经验, 特别擅长秧歌类、民间舞、蒙古舞、藏舞等民族舞蹈及古典舞和现代形体舞。集多年的舞蹈训练与舞台演出经验及教学经验，摸索出一套因人施教的教学方法。针对喜爱中国民族、民间舞蹈的学者所编排的溶入基本功训练的舞蹈，更是深受学员们的喜爱。
Class name: About Teacher Li  Guoying 李国英老师. Class description: Teacher Li Guoying has more than 20 years of dance teaching experience, and is particularly good at Yangko, folk dance, Mongolian dance, Tibetan dance and other ethnic dances as well as classical dance and modern body dance. With many years of dance training, stage performance and teaching experience, she has explored a teaching method that is tailored to the individual. The dances that are designed for scholars who love Chinese ethnic and folk dances and incorporate basic skills training are deeply loved by students.
课程名称：Adult Chinese Folk Dance Performance (成人形体民族舞表演班)。课程说明：成人形体舞表演班为有机会为Gala表演而设.成人形体舞课程是近年来形成的集健身和舞蹈塑身等多种功能于一身的运动方式和舞种。现代形体舞班的教学目标是：融合中国民族舞、古典舞、现代舞、芭蕾舞、形体舞等舞蹈元素，将舞蹈基础知识编排在优美动听的音乐及民族乐曲旋律中。学员在伸、拉、学、跳中，即愉悦了心情，又修塑了自身的体型，并培育出高雅的气质和优雅的风度。锻炼身体的同时，达到减体重及塑身的目的，并可在演出中一展风采，特别受中老年群体的喜爱。
Class name: Adult Chinese Folk Dance Performance (成人形体民族舞表演班). Class description: The class is focused on participating local performance. The class is designed for performance opportunity at CACC Gala. Chinese Folk Dance class is a combination of health and body shaping benefits while jogging with the fun of dancing. The program has different kinds of folk dancing skills combined into it, though the program is also designed for non-dancers who will be able to keep up and enjoy the class. Students will feel like they are dancing while exercising their bodies and strengthening their cardiovascular systems. This is a class that is fun and enjoyable for both men and women.
课程名称：Adult Chinese Folk Dance (成人形体民族舞非表演)。课程说明：成人形体民族舞非表演班是为那些不参加CACC Gala 表演的学生而设。成人形体舞课程是近年来形成的集健身和舞蹈塑身等多种功能于一身的运动方式和舞种。现代形体舞班的教学目标是：融合中国民族舞,古典舞,现代舞,芭蕾舞,形体舞等舞蹈元素,将舞蹈基础知识编排在优美动听的音乐及民族乐曲旋律中.学员在伸,拉,学,跳中,即愉悦了心情,又修塑了自身的体型,并培育出高雅的气质和优雅的风度.锻炼身体的同时,达到减体重及塑身的目的,并可在演出中一展风采,特别受中老年群体的喜爱.
Class name: Adult Chinese Folk Dance (成人形体民族舞非表演). Class description: The class is designed for those students who are not interested in performing. Chinese Folk Dance class is a combination of health and body shaping benefits while jogging with the fun of dancing. The program has different kinds of folk dancing skills combined into it, though the program is also designed for non-dancers who will be able to keep up and enjoy the class. Students will feel like they are dancing while exercising their bodies and strengthening their cardiovascular systems. This is a class that is fun and enjoyable for both men and women.
课程名称：About Teacher Lily Zhang 理子老师。课程说明：任课老师Lily (理子老师) 有二十多年的舞蹈学习和表演的经验, 参加过湾区各大舞蹈学校的中国舞、拉丁舞、爵士舞等各类舞台的表演，参与的舞蹈节目也曾在海外桃李杯舞蹈大赛以及华星杯世界舞蹈大赛中获奖。 她曾在 CACC 开设过成人中国舞课，编排的节目多次登上春节 Gala 和元宵 Carnival 的舞台，深受观众和学生的喜爱。 因看到华人家长中缺少学习劲舞、塑身健体的机会，她想为大家提供一个学习现代律动舞蹈的课程，在提高身体的协调性和柔韧性的同时，也享受在欢乐的节奏中尽情舞蹈的快感！（尤其鼓励男士们报名参加！）
Class name: About Teacher Lily Zhang 理子老师. Class description: Teacher Lily has more than 20 years of experience as a dance student and performer. She has participated in Chinese dance, Latin dance, jazz dance and many other stage performances throughout the Bay Area. The dance programs she has participated in have won awards at the Taoli Cup Overseas and the WeShine World Dance Competition. She has also taught adult Chinese dance classes at CACC in the past. Her choreographed programs have appeared on the stages of the Spring Festival Gala and Lantern Festival Carnival many times, winning praises from the audience and her students. Noticing a lack of opportunities for Chinese parents to dance for fitness, she created the modern rhythmic dance class to help improve coordination and flexibility while enjoying the joy of movement. In addition, through this course, she wants to create a team of both male and female dancers and perform energetic and exciting dances for the community, showcasing a new image of Chinese Americans! (Men are especially encouraged to sign up!)
课程名称：Adult Rhythmic Dance Non-Performance (成人劲舞非表演班)。课程说明：想学习快节奏的律动舞蹈的同学们，无论男生女生、无论是否有过舞蹈表演的经验，都欢迎你来参加“成人劲舞非表演班”！该班没有表演压力，以在课上学习律动、放松自我、锻炼身体、开心舞蹈为主要目的。课程将结合爵士、拉丁、迪斯科、Hip-hop 等各类节奏明快的舞蹈形式，让大家在学习劲舞组合的过程中锻炼形体和姿态，体会不同风格的动律和舞感。
Class name: Adult Rhythmic Dance Non-Performance (成人劲舞非表演班). Class description: No matter your gender or prior dance experience, everyone is invited to join CACC's "Adult Rhythmic Dance (Non-Performance) Class" to master energetic and fast-paced moves! This class is all about enjoying the journey—no stage performances required! It's designed to help you master dance rhythm, unwind, stay active, and simply have a great time. This course blends diverse and energetic dance styles like Jazz, Latin, Disco, and Hip-hop, . helping participants enhance their posture, boost fitness, explore various movement techniques, and master an array of dance combinations.
课程名称：Adult Rhythmic Dance Performance  (成人劲舞表演班)。课程说明：成人劲舞表演班为有机会参加 Gala 表演而设。课程将结合爵士、拉丁、迪斯科、hip-hop 等各类节奏明快的舞蹈形式，让大家在学习劲舞组合的过程中锻炼形体和姿态，体会不同风格的动律和舞感，并需要学习舞台队形和队友的配合和完整的舞蹈编排，准备参加春节以及其它舞台表演。** 该班的学生需要有过一定的舞台表演经验，经过老师允许才可报名。有兴趣的同学请尽快跟学校取得联系：cs@caccusa.org.
Class name: Adult Rhythmic Dance Performance  (成人劲舞表演班). Class description: The Adult Rhythmic Dance Performance Class offers participants the chance to showcase their skills in CACC's Spring Gala and other exciting performances. This course incorporates dynamic dance styles like Jazz, Latin, Disco, and Hip-hop, offering participants the opportunity to enhance posture, boost fitness, and explore diverse movement techniques while mastering dance combinations. Additionally, students will develop skills in stage formations, teamwork, and choreography memorization, all while preparing for performances at CACC's Spring Festival Gala and other exciting events. ** Students in this class need to have some stage performance experience in the past, and can ONLY register with the permission of the teacher. If interested, please contact the school as soon as possible at cs@caccusa.org.
课程名称：About Adult Guitar Play and Sing (成人吉他弹唱班须知)。课程说明：于正千曾在伯克利音乐学院主修歌曲创作，是一位精力充沛的音乐家，擅长保持精力并在广大观众面前提供出色的表演。热衷于指导和让人们接触不同的音乐风格和表达方式。熟悉录音棚设备和录音程序。精通各种音乐风格。曾受邀在 2019 年弗里蒙特艺术节上演出，有 20,000 名观众。由弗里蒙特市市长和 Citizens for Better Community 选择，在中央公园为 One World One Community活动表演，与来自海湾的 100 名音乐家一起庆祝我们的多民族社区。同时也是2021年湾区水立方歌唱比赛冠军。在成人吉他弹唱课上，我们的学生将接受训练，学习如何使用适当的技巧演奏乐器，并在弹吉他的同时唱歌。我们还将学习关于吉他的乐理知识，从而帮助学生可以在业余时间里自学歌曲。学生吉他购买信息：请购买普通大小的吉他，金属弦，弦与琴颈之间的距离不要过宽，推荐Taylor牌。
Class name: About Adult Guitar Play and Sing (成人吉他弹唱班须知). Class description: Majored in songwriting at Berklee College of Music, Gino Yu is an energetic musician skillful in maintaining energy and delivering excellent performances in front of large audiences. Passionate about coaching and exposing people to diverse musical styles and expressions. Knowledgeable about recording studio equipment and recording procedures. Well-versed in various styles of music. Invited to perform at Fremont Festival of Arts 2019 which held 20,000 audiences. Chosen by the Mayor of Fremont and Citizens for Better Community, performed at Central Park for One World One Community event to celebrate our multiethnic community with 100 musicians from the bay. Winner of the 2021 bay area water cube singing competition. In Adult Guitar Play and Sing class, our students will be trained on how to play the instruments with the proper technique and sing while playing the guitar. We will also go over how to learn songs on their own time, thus including some basic music theory on the guitar.
课程名称：Adult Guitar Play and Sing Beginner (成人吉他弹唱入门班)。课程说明：
Class name: Adult Guitar Play and Sing Beginner (成人吉他弹唱入门班). Class description:
课程名称：About Competitive Math (竞赛数学须知)。课程说明：竞赛数学是一系列面向热爱数学、追求更高挑战的学生设立的课程。我们提供三个级别的课程：一级、二级和三级，难度依次递增。学生可以根据自己的年级选修课程。教学以引导学生运用课堂上教授的概念自行解决问题为主，而非老师直接示范“如何做”。这些课程旨在帮助学生提高理解能力、逻辑思维能力和解决问题的能力，帮助他们为从小学开始到初中的袋鼠数学、奥数、Mathcounts 等一系列数学竞赛做好准备，并在普通课堂中取得优异的数学成绩。我们鼓励学生在整个学年期间参加由众多数学机构举办的数学竞赛。家庭作业：每周需要完成0.5到1小时的家庭作业，具体时间取决于班级水平。课程将以英语授课。注意：袋鼠数学竞赛（Math Kangaroo )每年3月份举行，报名通常从前一年的十月开始，在袋鼠数学官方网站上进行。从1年级、2年级即可参加。家长可以选择离自己最近的考试中心参加考试
Class name: About Competitive Math (竞赛数学须知). Class description: Competitive Math is a series of classes for gifted math students who seek a greater challenge in mathematics. We offer three levels of competitive math classes: Level I, II and III with increasing challenges. Students can enroll a class based on their school grade level. The teaching is based on guiding students to use the concepts taught in class to figure out the problems on their own, rather than teacher showing 'how it is done. These classes help students to improve their ability in comprehension, logic and problem solving skills in general. It helps them to prepare for math competitions and excel in math in regular classrooms. We encourage students to attend math competitions offered by many math institutions throughout the school year. Homework: 0.5 to 1 hour homework is required every week depending on class level. The classes will be taught in English. Note: The Math Kangaroo competition is held every March. Registration for the Math Kangaroo competition usually begins in October of the previous year through the official Math Kangaroo website. Students can participate starting from Grade 1 or Grade 2. Parents can select the nearest testing center for their child to take the exam.
课程名称：Competitive Math I (竞赛数学 I)。课程说明：在本课程中，学生将通过广泛的数学情境，包括计算能力、可视化、逻辑和模式识别，培养强大的推理能力。课程重点在于培养学生的深度理解和逻辑思维能力，而非严格遵循共同核心课程材料。帮助低年级学生理解数学图形和形状，并引导他们将其转化为数学表达式，为准备参加未来数学竞赛的初学者奠定理想的基础。本课程是一门极好的入门课程，可以帮助学生建立自信心和核心解决问题的技能。我们探讨的主题包括：计数、加法/减法、分数排序和比较对象识别和创建模式解决涉及迷宫和形状的谜题使用维恩图介绍初等代数的基本概念我们的目标是让数学引人入胜、发人深省且充满乐趣，鼓励学生进行批判性和创造性思考。谁可以报名：1-2 年级的学生，熟悉加减法并拥有较强的阅读理解能力。竞赛目标：主要竞赛包括 Math Kangaroo（1-3 级）。我们还可能包括对 Noetic Math（1-2 级）的准备。
Class name: Competitive Math I (竞赛数学 I). Class description: Competitive Math Level I Class Content In this class, students build strong reasoning skills through a wide range of mathematical contexts, including numeracy, visualization, logic, and pattern recognition. The focus is on developing deep understanding and logical thinking, rather than strictly following Common Core curriculum materials. Helping younger students understand mathematical figures and shapes—and guiding them to translate these into mathematical expressions—provides an ideal foundation for beginners preparing to participate in future math competitions. This course serves as an excellent introduction, building both confidence and core problem-solving skills. Topics we explore include: Counting, Addition/Subtraction, Fractions Ordering and comparing objects Recognizing and creating patterns Solving puzzles involving mazes and shapes Working with Venn diagrams Introducing foundational ideas in pre-algebra Our goal is to make math engaging, thought-provoking, and fun—encouraging students to think critically and creatively. Who Can Enroll: Students in grades 1–2 who are comfortable with addition and subtraction and possess strong reading comprehension skills. Competitive Goals: Primary competitions include Math Kangaroo (levels 1–3). We may also include preparation for Noetic Math (levels 1–2).
课程名称：Competitive Math II (竞赛数学 II)。课程说明：在本课程中，我们重点关注适合年级水平的解决问题策略，以帮助学生建立强大的数学思维和信心。通过实践活动和深思熟虑的探索，学生可以加深对关键数学概念的理解，同时培养批判性思维能力。主题包括：几何和空间推理面积和周长的测量对称性和视觉模式正数和负数的基本运算平均值、倍数和除数逻辑策略和对象分类基础代数概念我们鼓励学生的好奇心和创造力，帮助学生感知数学是如何与周遭世界相互关联。谁可以报名：3 年级或 4 年级的学生，熟悉乘法和除法，包括余数问题。竞赛目标：我们的目标竞赛包括 Math Kangaroo（3-5 年级）。我们还可以帮助学生准备 Noetic Math（2-4 级）和/或 Mathleague Elementary 竞赛。
Class name: Competitive Math II (竞赛数学 II). Class description: In this class, we focus on grade-level appropriate problem-solving strategies to help students build strong mathematical thinking and confidence. Through hands-on activities and thoughtful exploration, students deepen their understanding of key math concepts while developing critical thinking skills. Topics include: Geometry and spatial reasoning Measurement of area and perimeter Symmetry and visual patterns Basic operations with positive and negative numbers Averages, multiples, and divisors Logic strategies and object classification Foundational pre-algebra concepts Our approach encourages curiosity, creativity, and a deeper appreciation for how math connects to the world around us. Who Can Enroll: Students in grades 3 or 4 who are comfortable with multiplication and division, including problems with remainders. Competitive Goals: Our target competitions include Math Kangaroo (grades 3–5). We may also prepare students for Noetic Math (levels 2–4) and/or Mathleague Elementary competitions.
课程名称：Competitive Math III (竞赛数学 III)。课程说明：竞赛数学三级课程内容本课程专为希望加强解决问题策略和培养竞赛技能的高级小学生和中学生设计。教学重点在于更深层次的数学思维、循序渐进的推理以及解决挑战性问题的创造性方法。关键主题包括：几何：平面几何点、线和线段圆、（特殊）三角形、四边形对称性数字与代数：自然数计算最大公约数 (GCF) 和最小公倍数 (LCM)涉及时间、距离和速率的文字问题小数和分数运算逻辑多步骤问题和分析推理使用简单代数符号的代数思维谁可以报名本课程最适合 5 年级或 6 年级（或那些数学水平相当的人）。学生应该能够熟练运用分数、基本百分比、比率和速率。竞赛目标本课程帮助学生准备各种数学竞赛，包括：袋鼠数学（5-6 年级）数学思维竞赛（4-6 年级）（可选）小学组和中学组数学奥林匹克初中数学竞赛（Mathcounts)
Class name: Competitive Math III (竞赛数学 III). Class description: Competitive Math Level 3 Class Content This class is designed for advanced elementary and middle school students who want to strengthen their problem-solving strategies and develop contest-taking skills. Instruction focuses on deeper mathematical thinking, step-by-step reasoning, and creative approaches to solving challenging problems. Key topics include: Geometry: Plane geometry Points, lines, and segments Circles, (special) triangles, quadrilaterals Symmetry Numbers & Algebra: Calculations with natural numbers Greatest Common Factor (GCF) and Least Common Multiple (LCM) Word problems involving time, distance, and rates Decimal and fraction operations Logical multi-step problems and analytical reasoning Algebraic thinking with easy algebraic notation Who May Enroll This course is best suited for students in grades 5 or 6 (or those working at an equivalent math level). Students should be comfortable working with fractions, basic percents, ratios, and rates. Competitive Goals This class helps students prepare for a variety of math competitions, including: Math Kangaroo (Grades 5–6) Noetic Math Contest (Levels 4–6) (optional) Math Olympiads Elementary Section & Middle School Section Mathcounts
课程名称：Math Olympiads (奥数)。课程说明：CACC 中文学校数学奥林匹克项目包含三个级别的课程：初级、中级和高级。学生可以通过在线自我评估测试来选择适合自己的级别。课程旨在激发学生解决问题的兴趣和热情。学生将接触到具有挑战性的问题、有趣的谜题以及相关的数学主题。他们将以个人和小组的形式共同解决历届奥林匹克数学题。在课堂上，学生将学习批判性思维技能和不同的解决问题策略。在这些课程中，我们举办数学奥林匹克竞赛，并在每个学年末颁发个人奖项。课程将以英语授课。教师简介郭琪萍老师毕业于上海交通大学，在 CACC 和三谷地区的各个教育中心教授竞赛数学超过17年。郭老师专攻数学奥林匹克和MATHCOUNTS，对数学教育充满热情。她以严谨的组织和周密的准备而闻名，始终确保她的课程引人入胜且内容丰富。郭老师根据每位学生的需求，采用量身定制的教学材料和方法，旨在培养学生扎实的解决问题能力，并让他们欣赏数学之美。她的学生取得了诸多成就，包括在 MOEMS 和 AMC8 中获得无数满分，在 MATHCOUNTS 分部比赛中斩获一等奖，在 MATHCOUNTS 州队中名列前茅，从而晋级全国数学比赛, 并获得了 AIME 和享有盛誉的 USAJMO/USAMO 的资格。许多学生在毕业后依然保持优异的成绩，被顶尖大学录取，并在学术和职业道路上取得优异的成绩。
Class name: Math Olympiads (奥数). Class description: CACC Chinese School Math Olympiads program includes three levels of math classes: beginner, intermediate, and advanced. The students can take the online self-assessment test to see which level of class is appropriate for them. The purpose of the classes is to stimulate students' interest and enthusiasm for problem solving. Students will be exposed to challenging problems, interesting puzzles, and associated mathematics topics. They will work on past Math Olympiads problems both individually and in groups. Throughout the class, the student will learn critical thinking skills and different problem-solving strategies. In these classes, we offer Math Olympiads competitions. Individual awards will be given out at the end of each school year. The classes will be taught in English. About the teacher Ms. Qiping Guo graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University. She has been teaching competitive mathematics for over 17 years at CACC and various educational centers across the Tri-Valley area. Specializing in Math Olympiads and MATHCOUNTS, Ms. Guo brings a deep passion and enthusiasm to mathematics education. Known for her meticulous organization and thorough preparation, she consistently ensures that her classes are engaging and enriching. Ms. Guo employs customized teaching materials and methods tailored to each student's needs, aiming to instill robust problem-solving skills and an appreciation for the beauty of mathematics. Her students’ achievements include numerous perfect scores in MOEMS and AMC8, first-place wins in MATHCOUNTS Chapter competitions, positions on MATHCOUNTS State teams, and qualifications for AIME and the prestigious USAJMO/USAMO. Many of her students continue to excel long after graduating from her classes, gaining admission to highly selective colleges and becoming high achievers in their academic and professional pursuits.
课程名称：Math Olympiads I (奥数 I)。课程说明：奥数I 级本课专为四年级学生和数学优秀的三年级学生设计。在课程中，学生将学习基本的解题策略，例如猜题和检验、逆向思维、画图或图表、寻找规律、实验、使用表格、制作有序的清单等。本课程内容与全国数学奥林匹克E组竞赛的教材一致。报名对象：普通学校3-4年级学生。无需参加预测试。注意：注册时将收取20美元的材料费和学费。
Class name: Math Olympiads I (奥数 I). Class description: Math Olympiads Level I This class is designed for 4th grade students and advanced 3rd graders. In this class, the students will learn basic problem-solving strategies, such as Guessing and Checking, Working Backwards, Drawing a Picture or Diagram, Looking for a pattern, Experimenting, Using a Table, Making an Organized List, etc. This class's curriculum corresponds to the material of the National Math Olympiads Division E Contests. Who may enroll: Students at regular school grade level of 3-4. A pre-test is not required. Note: $20 material fee will be collected with tuition at registration.
课程名称：Math Olympiads II (奥数 II)。课程说明：奥数II 级本课专为五、六年级学生和四年级高年级学生设计。在课程中，学生将学习更高级的主题和解题策略，例如模式与和、因数与素数、整除定理、几何与测量、密码学、逻辑推理、指数运算、方程式写作等。本课程内容与美国数学奥林匹克竞赛小学组（E Division)的教材一致。报名对象：普通学校四、五、六年级学生，且在 30 分钟在线自测测试中取得 2 分或以上成绩。请点此进行自测请点此参考答案注意：注册时将与学费一起收取 20 美元的材料费。
Class name: Math Olympiads II (奥数 II). Class description: Math Olympiads level II This class is designed for 5th-6th grade students and advanced 4th graders. In this class, the students will learn more advanced topics and problem solving strategies, such as Pattern and Sum, Factor and Prime, Divisibility Theorems, Geometry and Measurement, Cryptarithms, Use Logical Reasoning, Working with Exponents, Writing an Equation, etc. This class's curriculum corresponds to the material of the National Math Olympiad Division E Contests. Who may enroll: Students at regular school grade levels of 4, 5, and 6, and who were able to score 2 or higher on the 30-minute online self-assessment test. Click here for self-assessment test Click here for answer sheet Note: $20 material fee will be collected with tuition at registration.
课程名称：Math Olympiads III (奥数 III)。课程说明：奥数III级本课程专为有天赋的初中生设计，他们追求更高的数学挑战，并希望为美国数学奥林匹克初中组考试（M Division)和其他重要的初中数学竞赛做好准备。课程内容涵盖数感与数论、数列与级数、计数与概率、代数和几何。学生将通过课堂学习解答历年初中数学竞赛题目，培养高效解决问题的能力。本课程的课程内容与美国数学奥林匹克M组竞赛的教材一致。报名对象：6、7、8年级的普通学生，且在30分钟的在线自测测试中取得2分或以上成绩。请点此进行自测请点此参考答案注意：注册时将与学费一起收取20美元的材料费。
Class name: Math Olympiads III (奥数 III). Class description: Math Olympiads Level 3 This class is designed for gifted middle school students who seek a greater challenge in mathematics and want to prepare for Math Olympiad Division M tests and other prominent middle school mathematics contests. The class will cover number sense & number theory, sequences & series, counting & probability, algebra, and geometry. Students will work on past middle school math contest problems and develop advanced problem-solving skills throughout the class. This class's curriculum corresponds to the material of the National Math Olympiads Division M Contests. Who may enroll: Students at regular school grade levels of 6, 7 and 8, and who were able to score 2 or higher on the 30-minute online self-assessment test. Click here for self-assessment test Click here for answer sheet Note: $20 material fee will be collected with tuition at registration.
课程名称：MATHCOUNTS & MO 4 (初中数学竞赛)。课程说明：本课程是专为已成功完成 MO-3 课程的高年级初中学生设计的竞赛数学课程。课程包含四个级别的 MATHCOUNTS 竞赛材料——学校级、学片级、州级和国家级——我们为学生提供良好的学习氛围和更多的激励，帮助他们在数学方面取得更好的成绩。典型的Mathcounts 比赛包括四部分题目：冲刺轮：此部分测试速度和准确性，要求 40 分钟解决 30 个问题，只有最有能力的学生才能完成所有问题。目标轮：此部分包含4对共8道题，限时完成每对题，让学生参与数学推理和解决问题的过程。团队轮：此部分由四人小组协作20分钟完成10道题。计时抢答轮：此部分要求学生快节奏地面对面竞争。这门高阶数学课的目标是帮助学生进一步发展批判性思维和解决问题的能力，通过培养团队合作和竞争精神来激励和奖励学生，并通过生动而富有挑战性的MATHCOUNTS题目提升中学生的数学水平课程将以英语授课。谁可以报名：普通学校 6、7 和 8 年级的学生，具有较高的数学水平，并在30分钟的在线自我评估测试中取得15分或更高的分数。请点此进行自测请点此参考答案注意：注册时将与学费一起收取20美元的材料费。关于老师：郭琪萍老师毕业于上海交通大学。她在CACC和三谷地区的各个教育中心教授竞技数学超过17年。郭老师专攻数学奥林匹克和MATHCOUNTS，对数学教育充满了热情。她以一丝不苟的组织和充分的准备而闻名，她始终确保她的课程引人入胜且内容丰富。郭老师根据每个学生的需求采用定制的教材和方法，旨在培养强大的解决问题能力和对数学之美的欣赏。她的学生成绩斐然，包括在 MOEMS 和 AMC8 中多次获得满分，在 MATHCOUNTS 分部比赛中斩获一等奖，在 MATHCOUNTS 州队中名列前茅，并获得了AIME和享有盛誉的 USAJMO/USAMO 的资格。许多学生在毕业后依然保持优异的成绩，被顶尖大学录取，并在学术和职业道路上取得了优异的成绩。
Class name: MATHCOUNTS & MO 4 (初中数学竞赛). Class description: This class is a competitive math class specially designed for advanced middle school students who have successfully completed MO-3 class. With four levels of MATHCOUNTS competition materials - school, chapter, state, and national - the class provides students the extra incentive and perfect atmosphere to push themselves to achieve more in mathematics. The typical homework and class assignments consist of: Sprint Round: This section tests speed and accuracy, allowing 40 minutes to solve 30 problems such that only the most capable students will complete all of the problems. Target Round: This section features multi-step problems that engage students in mathematical reasoning and problem-solving processes. Team Round: This section involves working in groups to develop teamwork strategies. Countdown Round: This section prepares students for the fast-paced, head-to-head competition. The goals of this advanced math class are to help students further developing critical-thinking and problem-solving skills, to motivate and reward them by fostering teamwork and a competitive spirit, and to promote middle school mathematic achievements through fun and challenging MATHCOUNTS problems. The class will be taught in English. Who may enroll: Students at regular school grade levels of 6, 7, and 8, with advanced math level, and who were able to score 15 or higher on the 30-minute online self-assessment test. Click here for self-assessment test Click here for answer sheet Note: $20 material fee will be collected with tuition at registration. About the teacher： Ms. Qiping Guo graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University. She has been teaching competitive mathematics for over 17 years at CACC and various educational centers across the Tri-Valley area. Specializing in Math Olympiads and MATHCOUNTS, Ms. Guo brings a deep passion and enthusiasm to mathematics education. Known for her meticulous organization and thorough preparation, she consistently ensures that her classes are engaging and enriching. Ms. Guo employs customized teaching materials and methods tailored to each student's needs, aiming to instill robust problem-solving skills and an appreciation for the beauty of mathematics. Her students’ achievements include numerous perfect scores in MOEMS and AMC8, first-place wins in MATHCOUNTS Chapter competitions, positions on MATHCOUNTS State teams, and qualifications for AIME and the prestigious USAJMO/USAMO. Many of her students continue to excel long after graduating from her classes, gaining admission to highly selective colleges and becoming high achievers in their academic and professional pursuits.
课程名称：AMC 8 / AMC 10 - By Teacher Deng & Ms. Willa Lin 由邓老师和林老师执教。课程说明：邓老师毕业于北京师范大学数学系，数学硕士，拥有十多年独特丰富的数学教学经验和方法，对怎么教会学生掌握数学知识有很深的的理解，犹其善长提高学生数学成绩和程度。Willa Lin 老师是一位经验丰富的竞赛数学教师，常驻湾区。她拥有纽约雪城大学计算机科学硕士学位。近十年的教学经验，她擅长帮助学生备战 Math Kangaroo、AMC 8 和 Mathcounts，并见证了许多学生在这些比赛中脱颖而出。Lin 老师的教学风格以其高效性和灵活性而闻名，确保每位学生都能得到个性化的关注和指导。她对数学教育的热情体现在她致力于帮助学生培养强大的问题解决能力和对数学概念的深刻理解。通过教学，Lin 老师激励学生迎接竞技数学的挑战，追求卓越。
Class name: AMC 8 / AMC 10 - By Teacher Deng & Ms. Willa Lin 由邓老师和林老师执教. Class description: Teacher Deng graduated from the Department of Mathematics of Beijing Normal University with a master's degree in mathematics. He has more than ten years of unique and rich mathematics teaching experience and methods, with a deep understanding of how to teach students to master mathematics knowledge. He is especially good at improving students' mathematics performance and level. Ms. Willa Lin is a highly experienced competitive math teacher based in the Bay Area. She holds a Masters in Computer Science from Syracuse University, New York. With almost a decade of teaching under her belt, her expertise lies in preparing students for Math Kangaroo, AMC 8, and Mathcounts, where she has seen many of her students excel. Ms. Lin's teaching style is known for its effectiveness and adaptability, ensuring that each student receives personalized attention and guidance. Her passion for mathematics education is evident in her dedication to helping students develop strong problem-solving skills and a deep understanding of mathematical concepts. Through her teaching, Ms. Lin inspires her students to embrace the challenges of competitive math and strive for excellence.
课程名称：AMC 8 (美国数学竞赛 8, 61课时)。课程说明：CACC AMC 8（美国数学竞赛）是我们为中学生（直至八年级）打造的AMC系列课程的开端。学生应熟悉基础代数，并对代数I和几何概念有所了解。学生应具备相当于MO三级或CM三级毕业课程的数学技能。该课程将备战一月份的AMC 8考试。学年剩余时间将用于复习和深入分析代数/几何概念，并学习AMC 10竞赛的1-8题。成功的学生每周需要完成大量的作业。课程将以英语授课。教学内容：本课程教授AMC 8中的重复概念和解题策略，主要针对AMC 8 竞赛第10题至第20题。课程结构：本课程包括31节周日面授课程和30节周中在线作业辅导课程，共计61节课。为了帮助学生快速提高成绩，有效备战1月份的AMC 8比赛，持续且专注的练习至关重要。学生需要完成大量的作业，运用课堂上教授的解题策略，提高速度和准确性。为此，我们提供每周一次在线课程，由曾在AMC 8中取得优异成绩的高中生主讲。这些课程旨在复习作业问题并解答学生的疑问。在线作业辅导课程安排将在课程开始前公布。报名对象：初中至八年级的学生，或已掌握初中数学概念的小学高年级学生。竞赛目标：本课程旨在提高 AMC 8 考试成绩。备注：注册时需支付 20 美元的材料费和学费。教学材料信息将在课堂上提供。
Class name: AMC 8 (美国数学竞赛 8, 61课时). Class description: CACC AMC 8 (American Math Contest) is the first in our series of AMC courses for middle school students up to grade 8. Students should be familiar with pre-algebra and have some understanding of Algebra I and Geometry concepts. Students should have a level of math skills equivalent to a graduated MO Level 3 or CM Level 3 program The class will prepare for the AMC 8 exam in January. The rest of the year will be spent reviewing and further analyzing Algebra/Geometry concepts and studying problems 1-8 from the AMC 10 competition. A successful student is expected to do a considerable amount of homework each week. Courses will be taught in English. What we teach: This course teaches recurring concepts and problem-solving strategies in AMC 8. It mainly focuses on AMC 8 test questions from #10 to #20. Course Structure: The program includes 31 in-person Sunday classes and 30 midweek online homework support sessions, for a total of 61 lessons. To help students rapidly improve their performance and prepare effectively for the AMC 8 competition in January, consistent and focused practice is essential. Students are expected to complete substantial homework to apply the problem-solving strategies taught in class and enhance both speed and accuracy. To support this, we offer a weekly online session led by high school students who have previously achieved outstanding results in the AMC 8. These sessions are designed to review homework problems and answer student questions. The schedule for the online homework tutoring sessions will be announced before the start of the course. Who may enroll: Middle school students up to grade 8, or advanced elementary students who have mastered the concepts of middle school mathematics. Competitive goals: This course focuses on improving AMC 8 exam performance. Note: A materials fee of $20 will be charged along with tuition during registration. Information about teaching materials will be provided in class.
课程名称：AMC 10 (美国数学竞赛 10, 61课时)。课程说明：CACC AMC 10（美国数学竞赛）是一门竞赛性数学课程。它专为高中及高年级初中学生设计，适合那些已熟悉代数I和几何概念，并成功完成CACC AMC 8 数学班或者 Mathcounts& MO 4 课程的学生。在本学年初期，该课程将为11月底的AMC 10数学竞赛做准备。之后，课程将侧重于加深对AMC 10竞赛相关概念的理解,以及强化学生在下一学年竞赛中取得成功的解题技巧。本课程将向学生介绍数论、代数、几何、计数和概率方面的知识和解决问题的技巧。成功的学生需要完成大量的作业（在线提供）。本课程将以英语授课。教学内容：本课程教授解决问题的策略和数学竞赛应试技巧。重点关注 AMC 10 竞赛的前 15 道题。报名对象：9 年级和 10 年级的高中生，或已掌握AMC 8 或 Mathcounts & MO4 所教授技能的 8 年级初中生课程结构：该课程包括 31 节周日面授课程和 30 节周中在线家庭作业辅导课程，共计 61 节课。为了帮助学生在有限的时间内快速进步并为 11 月的 AMC 10 比赛做好充分准备，持续而密集的练习至关重要。学生需要完成大量的家庭作业以应用课堂上教授的解决问题的技巧，同时提高他们的速度和准确性。为了辅助这一过程，我们每周提供一次由曾在 AMC 10 中取得优异成绩的高中生主持的在线课程。这些课程侧重于讲解家庭作业并回答学生的问题。在线作业辅导课程安排将在课程开始前公布。TA 介绍：Ryan Wang: Granada High School 11年级学生，他在2024年在USAJMO 竞赛中取得了前20%的荣誉成绩。在2025年的USAMO 竞赛中成绩优异，选送美国奥利匹克数学夏令营。他将在每周一次的线上课程中辅导学生的习题。竞赛目标：AMC 10。本课程旨在提高AMC 10考试成绩。作业：每周在线提供。备注：注册时需支付20美元的材料费，费用与学费一同收取。教学材料信息将在课堂上提供。
Class name: AMC 10 (美国数学竞赛 10, 61课时). Class description: CACC AMC 10 (American Math Competition) is a competitive math class. It is specially designed for high school and advanced middle school students who are comfortable with Algebra I and Geometry concepts and successfully completed the CACC AMC 8 class or Mathcounts& MO 4 class. For the first part of the school year, this class will be working on preparation for the AMC 10 math competition at the end of November. Later, the class will focus on deeper understanding of concepts related to the AMC 10 contest as well as the problem solving skills helping students succeed in the competition of the next school year. This class will introduce the students the knowledge and problem solving skills in Number theory, Algebra, Geometry, and Counting and Probability. A successful student is expected to do considerable amount of homework(provided online).The class will be taught in English. What we teach: This class teaches problem solving strategies and math contest taking skills. It focuses mostly on AMC 10 up to question #15. Who may enroll: High school students who are in grade 9 and 10, or middle school students in grade 8 who have mastered the skills taught in AMC 8 class or Mathcounts & MO 4 Class Course Structure: The program consists of 31 in-person Sunday classes and 30 midweek online homework support sessions, for a total of 61 lessons. To help students make rapid progress within a limited timeframe and prepare thoroughly for the AMC 10 competition in November, consistent and intensive practice is essential. Students are expected to complete substantial homework to apply the problem-solving techniques taught in class, while improving both their speed and accuracy. To support this process, we provide a weekly online session led by high school students who have previously achieved outstanding results in the AMC 10. These sessions focus on explaining homework problems and answering student questions. The schedule for the online homework tutoring sessions will be announced before the start of the course. TA Introduction: Ryan Wang is a junior at Granada High School. He qualified for USAJMO honors in 2024 and was selected for MOP (the Mathematical Olympiad Program, a prestigious summer program for top students in the U.S.) due to his outstanding performance in the 2025 USAMO. Competitive goals: AMC 10. This class focuses on improving AMC 10 test scores. Homework: is provided online each week. Note: $20 material fee will be collected with tuition at registration. The information on teaching material will be given in class.
课程名称：CACC 中文学校与 X-Camp 合作开设计算机编程课程。课程说明：CACC 中文学校与 X-Camp 合作开设计算机编程课程，系统教授 Python 语言和核心算法，为学生在高中阶段参加美国信息奥林匹克竞赛（USACO）做准备。USACO 竞赛介绍：https://usaco.org/index.php?page=resourcesX-Camp 介绍：X-Camp Academy 是一家位于硅谷的编程教育机构，从零基础到编程学习中的数据结构和算法培训，帮助学生在 USACO (美国计算机奥林匹克竞赛）等重量级赛事中获得成功。X-Camp 作为硅谷 K12 编程教育的领军者，专注于青少年的编程教育和奥赛培训，在各类计算机竞赛中拥有丰富的参赛培训经验，包括赛前培训及模拟竞赛等。在成立的8 年里，超过 300 名 X-Camp 学生达到 USACO 白银级别及以上，其中又有超过 70 人达到白金级别，35 人入选美国和加拿大国家集训队，15 人（14 美国 + 1 加拿大）在 2024 年最新赛季入选，1 人获得 2023 欧洲女子信息学奥林匹克竞赛金牌，1 人获得 2024 国际信息学奥林匹克竞赛金牌。学习阶梯：5、6 年级的学生可以在 2025 年秋季学期从《CS-100 人工智能语言基础和可视化实践》课程起步，该课程不要求学生有编程基础。之后在 2026 年秋季继续学习《CS-101 AI 语言核心基础》课程。7 年级学生或者有编程基础的 5、6 年级学生可以在 2025 年秋季学期从《CS-101 AI 语言核心基础》课程起步，之后在 2026 年春季继续学习《CS-102 计算机基础算法和计算结构》课堂上老师不仅讲授知识，还将带领学生做大量练习以帮助理解、记忆学习要点，并通过完成实践项目使学生获得成就感，引导学生持续学习，为将来参加USACO 竞赛打下坚实的基础。
Class name: CACC 中文学校与 X-Camp 合作开设计算机编程课程. Class description: CACC Chinese School cooperates with X-Camp to offer computer programming courses, systematically teaching Python language and core algorithms to prepare students for the United States Information Olympiad (USACO) in high school. USACO Competition Introduction: https://usaco.org/index.php?page=resources X-Camp Introduction: X-Camp Academy is a programming education institution located in Silicon Valley, from zero foundation to data structure and algorithm training in programming learning, helping students to succeed in heavyweight competitions such as USACO (United States Computer Olympiad). As a leader in K12 programming education in Silicon Valley, X-Camp focuses on programming education and Olympiad training for teenagers, and has rich experience in participating in various computer competitions, including pre-competition training and simulation competitions. In the 8 years since its establishment, more than 300 X-Camp students have reached the USACO Silver level and above, of which more than 70 have reached the Platinum level, 35 have been selected for the US and Canadian national training teams, 15 (14 US + 1 Canadian) have been selected for the latest season in 2024, 1 has won the 2023 European Women's Informatics Olympiad gold medal, and 1 has won the 2024 International Informatics Olympiad gold medal. Learning ladder: Students in grades 5 and 6 can start with the "CS-100 Artificial Intelligence Language Foundation and Visualization Practice" course in the fall semester of 2025. This course does not require students to have a programming foundation. Then continue to study the "CS-101 AI Language Core Foundation" course in the fall of 2026. Students in grade 7 or students in grade 5 or 6 who have a programming background can start with the course "CS-101 AI Language Core Foundations" in the fall semester of 2025, and then continue to study "CS-102 Basic Computer Algorithms and Computational Structures" in the spring of 2026. In class, teachers will not only teach knowledge, but also lead students to do a lot of exercises to help understand and remember the key points of learning. By completing practical projects, students will gain a sense of accomplishment and guide them to continue learning, laying a solid foundation for participating in the USACO competition in the future.
课程名称：Fundamental Algorithms and Data Structures in Python (计算机基础算法和数据结构)。课程说明：X-Camp CS102  计算机基础算法和数据结构 (春季班)课程目的：CS102 课程涵盖信息处理的计算机基础算法和数据结构。学生将学习计算机科学在学术界和工业界基础的数据结构和排序算法，以帮助学生掌握搜索、分析和展示数据的能力。课程内容：X‑Camp CS102 提供基于 Python 的计算机基础算法和数据结构。包括列表操作及列表优化以高效处理序列数据；探索字符串操作与编码原理（包括 ASCII 码的使用）；并学习和实现经典排序方法（冒泡、选择与归并排序），和理解不同算法优劣。通过 “矩阵入门” 模块学习二维数组并将矩阵运算应用于实际问题，然后深入函数专题——涵盖定义、参数、返回值、最佳实践、变量作用域及函数应用——以帮助学生能够结构化地构建复杂程序。课程对象：学生需要完成 CS101课程时间：CS102 - 计算机基础算法和数据结构一共授课16周（32课时）。
Class name: Fundamental Algorithms and Data Structures in Python (计算机基础算法和数据结构). Class description: X-Camp CS102 - Fundamental Algorithms and Data Structures in Python (Spring Semester） Course Objectives: CS102 covers fundamental algorithms and data structures for information manipulation. Students will learn to apply data structures and sorting algorithms commonly used in computer science academia and industry to explore, analyze and present data. Course Content: CS102 delivers a hands‑on, Python‑based foundation in fundamental data structures and algorithms: you’ll master list operations and list comprehensions for efficient sequence handling, explore string manipulation and encoding principles—including the role of ASCII—and implement classic sorting methods (bubble, selection, and merge sort) to appreciate algorithmic trade‑offs. From there, you’ll work with two‑dimensional arrays in our Introduction to Matrices module and apply matrix operations to real‑world problems, then dive deep into Functions—covering definition, parameters, return values, best practices, variable scope and higher‑order uses—to structure complex programs. Target Audience: Students must have completed X-Camp CS101. Course Duration: CS102 consists of 16 weeks (32 classes)
课程名称：AI Language Foundation with Visualization Applications (人工智能语言基础和可视化实践)。课程说明：X-Camp CS100 - 人工智能语言基础和可视化实践 (秋季班)课程目的：本课程旨在以可视化的方式，帮助学生轻松学习人工智能语言 Python，并通过实际 AI 项目激发创造力和逻辑思维能力。学生将从零开始学习 Python 的基本概念，掌握核心编程技能，并通过有趣的AI项目将知识应用到实践中。为后续深入学习 Python，其他编程语言和AI奠定坚实基础。课程内容：学习 Python 的基本语法和核心概念，例如变量、数据类型、循环、条件语句和函数等。学生每堂课都会动手实践，用Python 绘制不同复杂度的图形，包括动画和游戏等。最后，2-3 位学生，组成一个小组，实现一个 AI 项目。并制作视频，参加优秀项目评比。课程对象：五年级或六年级学生，不需要任何编程和数学基础。课程时间：CS100 - Python 一共 15 周（30 课时，包括练习时间）。
Class name: AI Language Foundation with Visualization Applications (人工智能语言基础和可视化实践). Class description: X-Camp CS100 - AI Language Foundation with Visualization Applications (Fall Semester) Course Objectives: This course is designed to help students easily begin learning the language for AI programming, sparking creativity and logical thinking through practical visualization projects. Students will start from the basics of Python, mastering core programming skills, and applying their knowledge in engaging AI projects. The course lays a solid foundation for further exploration of Python, other programming languages and AI. Course Content: Learn the basic syntax and core concepts of Python, such as variables, data types, loops, conditional statements, and functions. Each class involves hands-on visualization practices, where students use Python to create drawings of varying complexity, including animations and games. In the final phase, students will form small groups of 2-3 to complete an AI project, produce a video, and participate in a competition for outstanding projects. Target Audience: Students in 5th–6th graders. No prior programming or math knowledge is required. Course Duration: CS100 - Python consists of 15 weeks in total (30 hours classes including practices).
课程名称：AI Core Language Foundation (AI 语言核心基础教程)。课程说明：X-Camp CS101 AI 语言核心基础教程 春季班课程目的：CS101 是 AI 语言 Python 核心基础教程，旨在帮助学生学习 Python 核心知识和实践。通过大量的练习，帮助学生熟悉和使用 Python 语言，提高分析问题，解决问题和逻辑思维能力。为后续深入学习计算机数据结构和算法或其他编程语言奠定坚实基础。课程内容：学习 Python 的核心语法和概念，包括变量、数据类型、循环、条件语句，函数，编程规范，列表，Python 标准库，和如何调试代码 等。学生每堂课堂和课后都有大量的练习，帮助学生快速准确的写Python 代码。课程最后，还有一个可选AI项目，帮助学生理解Python 编程和 AI的应用。课程对象：七年级及以上学生可直接报名五、六年级学生：已修完CS100 - 人工智能语言基础和可视化实践课程时间：课程将分为秋季和春、季两个学期，秋季学期一共15周（30课时），春季学期 16周（32课时）。。秋季学期和春季学期教授相同的内容，各自分开报名，学生可根据自己的时间表及进度选择报名秋季或者春季课程。
Class name: AI Core Language Foundation (AI 语言核心基础教程). Class description: X-Camp CS101 - AI Core Language Foundation (Fall Semester) Course Objectives: X-Camp CS101 is a core foundational Python language course aimed at helping students learn essential Python language. Through extensive practice, students will become familiar with and adept at using Python, enhancing their abilities to analyze and solve problems as well as improve their logical thinking skills. This course establishes a solid foundation for subsequent in-depth studies of Python data structures, algorithms, other programming languages and AI. Course Content: Learn the core syntax and concepts of Python, including variables, data types, loops, conditional statements, functions, coding standards, lists, the Python standard library, and how to debug code. Each class session, as well as after class, students are given extensive exercises to help them write Python code more quickly and accurately. At the end of the course, there is an optional AI project to help students understand the practical AI applications of Python programming. Target Audience: Students in grade 5 or above are eligible. 5th–6th graders must have completed CS100 AI Language Foundation with Visualization Applications . 7th graders and above. Course Duration: There are two sections of the CS101 class, both offering the same content and curriculum. Fall Semester: 30 classes over 15 weeks Spring Semester: 32 classes over 16 weeks The Fall and Spring semesters cover the same course content and require separate registration. Students may choose to enroll in either the Fall or Spring course based on their schedule and progress.
课程名称：None。课程说明：张平老师张平老师拥有俄亥俄州立大学物理与计算化学博士学位以及计算机与信息科学硕士学位。他还拥有中国科学技术大学材料科学与工程学士学位。他拥有强大的分析和解决问题能力，能够为课堂教学带来积极的影响。虽然他并非传统教育家出身，但他丰富的研究经验使他具备理解复杂问题并提出有效解决方案的技能，这些技能可以直接应用于教学。张老师对学习和分享知识的热情激励他教授 Python 编程和物理。他的课程将强调逻辑思维、对概念的透彻理解以及循序渐进的问题解决能力——这些都是在美国计算机科学联盟 (ACSL) 竞赛和一般 STEM 研究中取得成功的关键要素。在他的课堂上，学生将受益于他能够分解具有挑战性的概念，并引导他们掌握学科的理论和实践知识。他秉持研究驱动的思维方式，致力于学生的成长，致力于帮助每一位学习者建立自信、技能，以及对编程和科学的热爱。您可以在张老师的 LinkedIn 个人资料上了解更多关于他的背景信息。
Class name: None. Class description: About the Teacher, Ping Zhang Mr. Zhang holds a Ph.D. degree in Physical and Computational Chemistry and a MS degree in Computer and Information Science, both from the Ohio State University. He also has a BS degree in Materials Science and Engineering from the University of Science and Technology of China. He can bring a strong analytical and problem-solving background to the classroom. While not a traditional educator by training, his extensive research experience has equipped him with the skills to understand complex problems and develop effective solutions—skills that are directly applicable to teaching. Mr. Zhang's passion for learning and sharing knowledge inspired him to teach Python programming and Physics. His classes will emphasize logical thinking, thorough comprehension of the concepts and step-by-step problem solving—key elements for success in the American Computer Science League (ACSL) competitions and general STEM studies. In his classes, students will benefit from his ability to break down challenging concepts and guide them through both the theoretical and practical aspects of the subjects. With a research-driven mindset and a commitment to student growth, he will aim to help each learner build confidence, skill, and a love for programming and science. You can learn more about Mr. Zhang’s background on his LinkedIn profile.
课程名称：Introduction to Physics (基础物理学)。课程说明：目标受众：具有少量物理知识的初中生和高中一年级学生（仅限加州初中综合物理科学课程涵盖的主题）。课程形式：每节课都包含概念介绍和详细讲解。每节课都会布置家庭作业。先修课程要求：基础数学、初中代数（预备代数/早期代数技能）。概述：本课程通过概念和一定量的数学知识，向初中和高中一年级学生介绍物理学的基础知识。涵盖运动学、力、能量、波、热力学、电和磁，并重点强调数学基础。目标与成果：通过直观的解释和实际应用，对从运动到电的物理原理建立扎实的概念性理解。通过将物理学与日常经验（例如体育、游戏）联系起来，培养学生解决问题的好奇心和自信心。帮助学生为未来的物理学和其他 STEM 研究做好准备。教材：仅供教师参考，Paul G. Hewitt 的《概念物理学》（非数学，概念优先）和 Douglas Giancoli 的《物理学：原理与应用》（一本补充教材，增加了更多的数学严谨性）。学生无需购买教材。工具与材料：包含关键术语、公式和习题集的讲义。强烈建议使用人工智能聊天机器人。
Class name: Introduction to Physics (基础物理学). Class description: Target Audience: Middle school students and high school freshmen with minimum physics exposure (only topics covered in the integrated physical science curriculum in California for middle school). Format: Each in-class session includes concept introduction and detailed explanations. Homework will be handled out for each session. Prerequisites: Basic math, middle school level algebra (pre-algebra/early algebra skills). Overview: This course introduces middle school and high school freshmen to the fundamentals of physics through concepts with some amount of mathematics. Covering kinematics, forces, energy, waves, thermodynamics, electricity and magnetism with a strong emphasis on mathematical foundations. Objective & Outcomes: Develop a solid conceptual understanding of physics principles, from motion to electricity, through intuitive explanations and real-world applications. Foster curiosity and confidence in problem-solving by connecting physics to everyday experiences (e.g., sports, games). Prepare students for future physics and other STEM studies. Textbook: For teacher’s reference only, "Conceptual Physics" by Paul G. Hewitt (non mathematical, concept-first ) and "Physics: Principles with Applications" by Douglas Giancoli (a complementary book that adds more mathematical rigor). Students do not need to buy a textbook. Tools & Materials: Handouts with key terms, equations and problem sets. Use of AI chatbots is strongly encouraged.
课程名称：ACSL Elementary Division and Python Programming。课程说明：目标受众：3-6 年级教学形式：使用幻灯片、工作表、Python IDE 和 AI 聊天机器人。先修课程要求：具备基本的计算机技能，数学知识优先概述：本课程旨在帮助学生备战 ACSL 初级组竞赛，并介绍 Python 编程（初级）。学生将通过练习题掌握四个 ACSL 主题——数系、前缀/中缀/后缀表示法、初等布尔代数和图论，并学习 Python 基础知识（变量、循环、函数），以巩固概念并培养编程技能。该课程非常适合初学者，将逻辑与创造力相结合，激发学生对计算机科学的热爱。目标：在 ACSL 竞赛中脱颖而出（二进制转换、逻辑表、图表）。学习 Python 基础知识并将其应用于 ACSL 的理念。培养解决问题和批判性思维的能力。成果：为 ACSL 竞赛和未来的分赛做好准备。对 Python 基础知识充满信心，为更多编程工作做好准备。更强的逻辑推理和创造力。每位学生将在课程结束时演示一个完整的项目。学习材料：讲义、ACSL 工作表、Python 模板、绘图和图形软件包，例如 Pygame、Turtle、等等。教学方法：通过视觉效果、游戏和项目，提供有趣且辅助性的课程。例如，弹奏几段《玛丽有只小羊羔》、《E D C D E E E…》的音符，画一些简单的形状和动物图案。
Class name: ACSL Elementary Division and Python Programming. Class description: Target Audience: Grades 3-6 Format: Use slides, worksheets, Python IDEs, and AI ChatBots. Prerequisites: Basic computer skills, math helpful Overview: This course prepares students for the ACSL Elementary Division contests while introducing Python programming (Beginner Level). Students master four ACSL topics—Number Systems, Prefix/Infix/Postfix Notation, Elementary Boolean Algebra, and Graph Theory—through practice questions and learn Python basics (variables, loops, functions) to reinforce concepts and build coding skills. Ideal for beginners, the class blends logic and creativity to spark a love for computer science. Objectives: Excel in ACSL contests (binary conversions, logic tables, graphs). Learn Python fundamentals and apply them to ACSL ideas. Develop problem-solving and critical thinking. Outcomes: Ready for ACSL contests and future Divisions. Confident in Python basics, prepared for more coding. Stronger logical reasoning and creativity. A completed project each student will demo at the end of the course. Materials: Handouts, ACSL worksheets, Python templates, draw and graphic packages such as Pygame, Turtle, etc. Approach: Fun, supportive lessons with visuals, games, and projects. For example, play a few notes of “Mary had a little Lamb”, “E D C D E E E…”, draw simple shapes and animal figures.
课程名称：ACSL Junior Division and Python Programming。课程说明：目标受众：具有一定编程经验的初中生和高中九年级学生。教学形式：使用幻灯片、工作表、Python IDE 和 AI 聊天机器人。先修课程要求：具备基本的编程知识和计算机技能，数学知识优先。概述与目标：在掌握Python（中级）的同时，为ACSL 初级组做好准备。本课程专为熟悉变量、循环和函数等基本编程知识的学生设计。本课程将培养学生在 ACSL 主题方面的技能，例如前缀/中缀/后缀表示法、布尔代数（包括德摩根定律）、位串翻转、递归、数系、图论和数字电子学。通过每周的 Python 编程、ACSL 风格题和模拟竞赛，学生将在所有四项 ACSL 竞赛中脱颖而出。获得解决问题的信心和坚实的计算机科学基础！目标：在 ACSL 竞赛中表现出色，包括简答题和编程题对 Python 基础知识和高级概念充满信心每位学生将在课程结束时演示一个完整的项目学习材料：讲义、ACSL 工作表、Python 模板学习方法：课堂互动性强，包含视觉效果、编程挑战和实际应用，例如使用 Matplotlib、NumPy 等 Python 包进行数据绘图和数值分析。
Class name: ACSL Junior Division and Python Programming. Class description: Target Audience: Middle school and grade 9 high school students with some coding experience. Format: use slides, worksheets, Python IDEs, and AI ChatBots. Prerequisites: Basic programming knowledge and computer skills, math helpful Overview & Objective: Prepare for the ACSL Junior Division while mastering Python (Intermediate Level) in this course. Designed for students familiar with basic programming knowledge, such as variables, loops, and functions. This course builds skills in ACSL topics like prefix/infix/postfix notation, Boolean algebra (including De Morgan’s Law), bit-string flicking, recursion, number systems, graph theory, and digital electronics. Through weekly Python coding, ACSL-style problems, and mock contests, students will excel in all four ACSL contests. Gain problem-solving confidence and a strong CS foundation! Outcomes: Excel in ACSL contests, both short answer test and programming problems Confident in Python both basics and advanced concepts A completed project each student will demo at the end of the course Materials: Handouts, ACSL worksheets, Python templates Approach: Engaging lessons with visuals, coding challenges, and real-world applications, such as data plotting and numerical analysis using python packages, such as Matplotlib, NumPy, etc.
课程名称：Mr. Ye / Lego Class Material 叶俊老师 / 乐高课程材料配备。课程说明：叶老师拥有超过30年的软件工程经验，是乐高机器人编程专家。他教授乐高 Mindstorms 编程多年，并自 2010 年起指导学生参加 First Lego League 比赛。本系列课程共三个级别：乐高机器人编程入门课，乐高机器人编程高级班，以及乐高机器人 / First Lego League 竞赛班。乐高机器人课程将运用机器人工程背景教授核心计算机编程逻辑和推理技能。课程提供在真实环境中进行结构化编程序列的实践活动。材料LEGO® Education SPIKE™ Prime  SetLEGO®  Education SPIKE™ Prime Expansion Set （建议高级班及竞赛班使用）Windows PC 或 Mac PC (平板电脑仅可用于初学者课程，因为高级命令在 iPad 或 Android 平板电脑上不可用）重要提示本课程要求使用的材料价格较高，学生需自行购买新的或者从往届学生那里购买二手材料。 如果您希望CACC学校帮您寻找可供购买的二手材料，我们将非常乐意为您提供帮助。请发送电子邮件至cs@caccusa.org.
Class name: Mr. Ye / Lego Class Material 叶俊老师 / 乐高课程材料配备. Class description: Mr. Ye has more than 30 years software engineering experience. He is an expert in Lego Robotics Programming. He has taught the LEGO Mindstorms programming for many years, and has guided students to First Lego League competition since 2010. This course is offered at 3 levels : Lego Robotics Programming Beginner, Lego Robotics Programming Advanced Class, and Lego Robotics / First Lego League Competition Lego Robotics will teach core computer programming logic and reasoning skills using a robotics engineering context. It provides hands on activities on structured sequence of programming in a real-world environment. Materials LEGO® Education SPIKE™ Prime Set LEGO®  Education SPIKE™ Prime Expansion Set (Recommend for Advanced class and Competition class.) Windows PC or Mac PC (Tablet can be used in beginner class only, as the advanced commands not available in iPad or Android Tablet) Important Note The material mandated in this class is a little bit expensive. Students can purchase used spike prime set from previous students. If you wish CACC School to help, we will be happy to do so. Please email to cs@caccusa.org .
课程名称：Lego Robotics Programming Beginner (乐高机器人入门)。课程说明：乐高机器人编程初级班本课程将教授使用指令和系列指令来学习编程的基本概念。在整个学年中，大约会有10个项目，每个项目将通过机器人完成一个任务。通过实践这些项目，学生将会培养编程的结构和模块的思维能力。。学生不需要具备任何乐高机器人经验。
Class name: Lego Robotics Programming Beginner (乐高机器人入门). Class description: LEGO Robotics Beginner Programming This class will teach basic concepts of programming using commands and sequence of commands. There are about 10 projects over the school year. Each project will use robot to demo one mission. These projects are designed to train students thinking about the patterns and structures.. Students are not required to have any prior Lego Robotic experience
课程名称：Lego Robotics Programming Advanced Class (乐高机器人中级提高班)。课程说明：乐高机器人编程提高班先修要求：完成初级班课程，或具备使用循环、条件开关、传感器模块等进行乐高编程的经验。课程内容本课程将教授乐高机器人竞赛的相关概念。学生将以小组（每组4至6人）的形式，在整个学年中学习如何团队协作，分阶段完成复杂的竞赛任务。课程开始时，将向学生展示约20个任务，随后他们将学习：任务规划策略, 模型搭建, 高级编程, 工作分配, 团队合作, 以及最重要的，自主学习能力。。。本课程将使用前一届FIRST LEGO League（FLL）比赛的任务场地和挑战套件进行训练。
Class name: Lego Robotics Programming Advanced Class (乐高机器人中级提高班). Class description: Lego Robotics Advanced Programming Prerequisite: completed Beginner or previous Lego programming experience using loops, switches, sensor blocks; Class Content This course will cover Lego robotic competition concepts. It will teach students how to solve the complex missions with multiple stages as a team (4 to 6 students) throughout the school year.. Students will be presented about 20 missions in the beginning, then will learn planning strategies, model building, advanced programming, workload distribution, teamwork, and most importantly, self-learning skills.. **We will use the First Lego League field challenge set from previous year's tournament for the missions.
课程名称：Lego Robotics / First Lego League Competition (乐高竞赛队)。课程说明：先修课：完成乐高机器人编程初级课程，或之前有使用循环、开关、传感器块进行乐高编程的经验；学生在 2025 年 1 月 1 日时年龄必须为 9 至 15 岁。课程内容本课程将以学生为主导，进行多小时的实践操作。练习时间为一个小时在老师授课前，另一个小时在老师讲课后，鼓励学生尽可能多地参与练习将由两至十名学生将组成一支竞赛队伍，报名参加本赛季的乐高联赛。学生将运用他们的知识和经验，根据给定的主题，确定一个世界级的挑战，然后进行研究并提出解决方案。学生将设计、搭建和编程自己的机器人，以执行比赛任务。学生将学习乐高联赛的基础知识并进行实践操作。乐高联盟将于五月公布比赛主题。学生需要在暑假期间开始进行项目作业。除了每周课堂之外，每个团队还需要在课后自行组织两小时的见面练习。任何乐高公司生产的乐高机器人套装（例如：Lego Mindstorms Education EV3 核心套装/扩展套装；Lego Education SPKIE Prime 套装/扩展套装等）均可参加比赛。由于比赛期间只允许使用一个机器人，因此团队需要决定使用 SPIKE 还是 EV3。
Class name: Lego Robotics / First Lego League Competition (乐高竞赛队). Class description: LEGO Robotics First LEGO League Competition Team Prerequisite: completed Beginner class or previous lego programming experience using loops, switches, sensor blocks; Students need to be 9 to 15 years old at 1/1/2025. Class Content This course will be a student-led, multiple-hour hands-on class.(One hour before and one after the lecture class are self practice time, students are encouraged to participate.) Two to ten students will form a team and register for the current season of the First LEGO League competition.  Students will use their knowledge and experience to identify a world-class issue based on a given theme, then conduct research to present a solution. Students will design, build, and program their own robot to take on the competition's missions. Students will practice and learn the fundamentals of the First Lego League contest. FLL will release the competition's theme in May. Students need to start to work on project assignments during the summer. Besides the class, each team needs to have a self-organized meeting for another two hours after class.. Any Lego robotic set made by Lego (such as: Lego Mindstorms Education EV3 Core Set/Expansion set; Lego Education SPKIE Prime set/Expansion set etc.) can be used in competition. As only one robot will be allowed during competition, the team needs to make a decision which one to use.
课程名称：Scratch (Scratch 程序语言)。课程说明：老师：Willa Lin 老师拥有纽约雪城大学计算机科学硕士学位，有近十年的教学经验。Scratch是一款免费的、基于模块的可视化编程语言，专为中小学生设计。作为全球最大的儿童编程社区，Scratch 为小学生提供了一种有趣且易于理解的方式来创建互动故事、游戏和动画。Scratch 由麻省理工学院媒体实验室开发，可在http://scratch.mit.edu免费下载。Scratch 支持计算思维和解决问题能力的发展，鼓励创造力和协作精神，并促进计算领域的公平性。教学内容：在本课程中，学生将学习使用 Scratch 创建自己的互动故事、游戏和动画。他们将探索如何在不同场景中使用功能块，练习基本的绘图技能，理解编程逻辑和条件变量，并构建分层编码结构。通过实践项目，学生将培养创造性思维、系统推理能力和团队合作能力。适合人群：具备基本计算机技能的普通二至六年级学生。备注：请自带 Chromebook 或笔记本电脑，每周作业时间约为 1.5 小时。
Class name: Scratch (Scratch 程序语言). Class description: Instructor: Ms. Willa Lin holds a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Syracuse University in New York and has nearly ten years of teaching experience. Scratch is a free, and block-based visual programming language designed especially for elementary and middle school students. As the world's largest coding community for children, Scratch offers a fun and accessible way for young learners to create interactive stories, games, and animations. Developed by the MIT Media Lab, Scratch can be accessed and downloaded for free at http://scratch.mit.edu . Scratch supports the development of computational thinking and problem-solving skills, encourages creativity and collaboration, and promotes equity in computing. What we teach: In this course, students will learn to create their own interactive stories, games, and animations using Scratch. They will explore how to use function blocks in different scenarios, practice basic graphing skills, understand programming logic and conditional variables, and build hierarchical coding structure. Through hands-on projects,  students develop creative thinking, systematic reasoning, and team work skills. Who may enroll: Students at regular school grade levels of 2 to 6 with basic computer skills. Note: Bring your own Chromebook or laptop, homework is about 1.5 hrs per week.
课程名称：Digital Art for Kids and Teens (儿童数码绘画)。课程说明：这是一个探索和学习数码艺术绘画的课程，从 iPad 绘画开始，掌握 Procreate 的相关知识和使用方法，学习创作出不同风格的数码绘画作品。每节课学生在老师指导下，学习数码绘画技巧，卡通形象的设计，物品质感的刻绘，不同场景的搭建，全面提升艺术表达力。在学习过程中，孩子们学习如何使用 iPad 创作水彩，油画棒，中国水墨画等不同风格的艺术作品，体验数码绘画魔法般的无限可能。点击看作品样例。绘画工具Apple iPadApple Pencil (请确保您的 iPad 与 Apple Pencil 兼容，兼容性列表如下)iPad 版 Procreate（App Store 售价 12.99 美元，点看详情)选择 Apple PencilApple Pencil Pro 适用于以下 iPad 型号：iPad Pro 13 英寸 (M4)iPad Pro 11 英寸 (M4)iPad Air 13 英寸 (M2)iPad Air 11 英寸 (M2)(推荐)Apple Pencil（第二代）适用于以下 iPad 型号：iPad mini (第六代)iPad Air (第四、五代)iPad Pro 12.9 英寸（第三、四、五、六代）iPad Pro 11 英寸（第一、二、三、四代）Apple Pencil（第一代）适用于以下 iPad 型号：iPad mini (第五代)iPad (第六、七、八、九代)iPad (第十代)iPad Air (第三代)iPad Pro 12.9 英寸（第一、二代）iPad Pro 10.5 英寸iPad Pro 9.7 英寸卞红老师 (Mrs. Bonnie) 拥有超过 17 年在大学和艺术院校的艺术教学经验。她为各行各业提供教学和设计服务。她的专业领域包括产品设计、平面设计、插画、广告和动画。
Class name: Digital Art for Kids and Teens (儿童数码绘画). Class description: Start exploring digital art and discover unlimited creative potential! Beginners will have the opportunity to learn new skills, understand the step-by-step fundamentals of Procreate to create illustrations and animations, and most importantly, have fun! With help from their teacher, students will utilize their devices to create art in a variety of different styles, including watercolor, oil, pastel, Chinese ink, and more. They will learn the basics of digital design, scene construction, and material and texture skills, helping. them to explore the infinite possibilities of digital art. Click to view sample projects . Materials Apple iPad Apple Pencil (make sure your iPad and Apple Pencil are compatible, a compatibility list is included below) Procreate for iPad ($12.99 from App Store, see details ) Choose your Apple Pencil Use Apple Pencil Pro with the following iPad models: iPad Pro 13-inch (M4) iPad Pro 11-inch (M4) iPad Air 13-inch (M2) iPad Air 11-inch (M2) (recommended) Use Apple Pencil (2nd generation) with the following iPad models: iPad mini (6th generation) iPad Air (4th or 5th generation) iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd, 4th, 5th, or 6th generation) iPad Pro 11-inch (1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th generation) Use Apple Pencil (1st generation) with the following iPad models: iPad mini (5th generation) iPad (6th, 7th, 8th or 9th generation) iPad (10th generation) iPad Air (3rd generation) iPad Pro 12.9-inch (1st or 2nd generation) iPad Pro 10.5-inch iPad Pro 9.7-inch Mrs. Bonnie has more than 17 years of art teaching experience at universities and art schools. She teaches and designs for a variety of industries. Her areas of expertise include product design, graphic design, illustration, advertising, and animation.
课程名称：Digital Illustration (数码插画设计)。课程说明：本门课程将帮助学生从临摹迈上独立创作表达自我的台阶。以数码绘画形式授课，学生可以更加灵活迅速地掌握关键知识和技巧。课程内容包含透视理论和人物动态设计，学生将学习如何构思、构图、起稿、配色，然后进行各种材料质感的刻绘，再给画面添加各种氛围、光影，从而完成一幅完整而生动的原创数码插画。理论学习+不同风格插画实践练习，使作品效果迅速提升，学生也将探索并塑造自我风格, 放飞想象力。点看作品样例。绘画工具Apple iPadApple Pencil (请确保您的 iPad 与 Apple Pencil 兼容，兼容性列表如下)iPad 版 Procreate（App Store 售价 12.99 美元，点看详情)选择 Apple PencilApple Pencil Pro 适用于以下 iPad 型号：iPad Pro 13 英寸 (M4)iPad Pro 11 英寸 (M4)iPad Air 13 英寸 (M2)iPad Air 11 英寸 (M2)(推荐)Apple Pencil（第二代）适用于以下 iPad 型号：iPad mini (第六代)iPad Air (第四、五代)iPad Pro 12.9 英寸（第三、四、五、六代）iPad Pro 11 英寸（第一、二、三、四代）Apple Pencil（第一代）适用于以下 iPad 型号：iPad mini (第五代)iPad (第六、七、八、九代)iPad (第十代)iPad Air (第三代)iPad Pro 12.9 英寸（第一、二代）iPad Pro 10.5 英寸iPad Pro 9.7 英寸卞红老师 (Mrs. Bonnie) 拥有超过 17 年在大学和艺术院校的艺术教学经验。她为各行各业提供教学和设计服务。她的专业领域包括产品设计、平面设计、插画、广告和动画。
Class name: Digital Illustration (数码插画设计). Class description: This course is designed to help students transition from imitation to original creation, empowering them to express their own ideas through digital art. With the flexibility and efficiency of digital tools, students will quickly grasp essential artistic knowledge and techniques. Topics include perspective theory and dynamic figure design. Students will learn how to brainstorm concepts, develop compositions, sketch drafts, apply color schemes, and render different material textures. They will also explore how to enhance their artwork with atmospheric lighting and shading, ultimately completing a vibrant, original digital illustration. Combining lectures with hands-on practice, this course will help students elevate their artistic ability and help them discover and shape their own creative style, unleashing imagination and artistic freedom. Click to view sample projects . Materials Apple iPad Apple Pencil (make sure your iPad and Apple Pencil are compatible, a compatibility list is included below) Procreate for iPad ($12.99 from App Store, see details ) Choose your Apple Pencil Use Apple Pencil Pro with the following iPad models: iPad Pro 13-inch (M4) iPad Pro 11-inch (M4) iPad Air 13-inch (M2) iPad Air 11-inch (M2) (recommended) Use Apple Pencil (2nd generation) with the following iPad models: iPad mini (6th generation) iPad Air (4th or 5th generation) iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd, 4th, 5th, or 6th generation) iPad Pro 11-inch (1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th generation) Use Apple Pencil (1st generation) with the following iPad models: iPad mini (5th generation) iPad (6th, 7th, 8th or 9th generation) iPad (10th generation) iPad Air (3rd generation) iPad Pro 12.9-inch (1st or 2nd generation) iPad Pro 10.5-inch iPad Pro 9.7-inch Mrs. Bonnie has more than 17 years of art teaching experience at universities and art schools. She teaches and designs for a variety of industries. Her areas of expertise include product design, graphic design, illustration, advertising, and animation.
